Timothy Sackton: Ok. So our adventure today starts in more Colin, the leak domain of the shadow fowl, a land of ash and mud,
Timothy Sackton: where four adventurers, summoned by the dwarfing gods, have traveled to find the dwarf warrior, pogrim firebrand, who long ago, one hundred, one hundred and fifty years ago, betrayed a bunch of Dorbin refugees from fleeing the falling kingdom of arm
test,
Timothy Sackton: turning on them and slaughtering them in the midst of the battle.
Timothy Sackton: But now you all have come to this dark realm to find him and confront him about his evil deeds.
Timothy Sackton: And you use the Charles of the Root priest to send him from this domain, either to judgment or forgiveness, depending on what you decide
Timothy Sackton: After you accepted this quest and arrived in more, Colin, you found the village of bleak holes where you met the Zombie Lake village watch,
who spoke little, but war do that more. Colin is always watching
Timothy Sackton: in the seemingly deserted town. You learned that
Timothy Sackton: living floors do dwell here. But if you venture out to explore the world,
Timothy Sackton: the only names that you heard of travelers or wanderers outside of Bleakhold, who might be able to tell you something about this place are the mad priest who was exiled to the Ashfield some time ago, and talk
Timothy Sackton: a young dwarf born and more Colin, who hadn't been missing for a week.
Timothy Sackton: You decided not to bother exploring the lost camps of the humans that sit on the cliff tops of the
Timothy Sackton: the village of Bleak Hold, and instead sat out, and so to talk, following his footprints upriver,
Timothy Sackton: finally coming to a trail of a cliff,
Timothy Sackton: where, at the top of the cliff you fought a group of withered, undead, looking like dwarves who had been aged beyond all recognition,
Timothy Sackton: who are picking and scrabbling at some hole in the rocks
Timothy Sackton: after defeating those undead.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you!
Timothy Sackton: I found the young dwarf talk who had been hiding behind in this rock cave behind the
Timothy Sackton: rubble, that the Undead were punk; that for the past few days,
Timothy Sackton: and after speaking with him, he agreed to take you to the ghost of Nora sparks over one of the few in this place you might know where hagroom is
Timothy Sackton: now
Timothy Sackton: walking along, though
Timothy Sackton: edge of the cliff
Timothy Sackton: You're heading in the direction
Timothy Sackton: of Nora Talk, leading you,
Timothy Sackton: hoping to learn more to fill in the gaps of the vision that you saw before coming here a vision of Hagrim and Norris, so sparks over, meeting a large group of refugees until they were caught in combat with trolls and a giant.
Timothy Sackton: And then the vision ended with Hogram turning on the dwarfs he was supposed to be guarding.
Timothy Sackton: So as you approach this ghost,
Timothy Sackton: why don't you all just briefly reintroduce your characters to everybody. So we remember
Timothy Sackton: remember everybody
Timothy Sackton: you want to go first.
Riswyn: Thank you.
Riswyn: So Wristwin is heavily armored, carrying a warhammer
Riswyn: as in her possession. A mystical cup.
Riswyn: And uh she's been
Riswyn: ah enthusiastically,
Riswyn: i'm trying to figure out what's going on in this place since we got here,
Riswyn: because
Riswyn: it has always been her
Riswyn: ah
Riswyn: intention to obey the gods and to fill their wills, and
Riswyn: she finds herself in another situation where she's been tasked to
Riswyn: um
Riswyn: follow their requests
Phil Grayson: last week, two weeks ago you you met Rothbus as well. He was a bartender, and he has been summoned to take over a debt owed by his ex-wife's clan, and he's not too pleased about it.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, he's just trying to get through it and get back to the stone fist signs and stables
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): through our Red Peak is a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dressed as a sailor, and is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): here, having just
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yesterday made a proud to turn his life around. If only we could go home again
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): surprised to find
um
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the way i'm coming so soon
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and so dressed in sailors clothes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's it's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sparks playing around his fingers every so often.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): You also met Marash Everfoot a couple of weeks ago, who, while on her pilgrimage, had been stuck in a storm and
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): survive, and having being saved from that uh
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): led a quiet life of service, You uh, and is now paid
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): her penance for being saved.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Um!
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): She's fairly well armored. Um mostly has skills at a forge,
and
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): is
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): not begrudgingly, but a little upset, and having to come back and pay their price.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you all walk following talk, who is a youngish dwarf, maybe forty or so,
Timothy Sackton: for the
Timothy Sackton: it looks like a man's lot, dusty without much of a beard wearing patched and mended clothes that have been
Timothy Sackton: that have been sewed and mended many, many times over.
Timothy Sackton: He moves with a sort of nervous energy, seeming
Timothy Sackton: almost younger than he looks, never still never comfortable as he walks along the cliff, constantly glancing back to make sure you're following,
Timothy Sackton: rushing forward a bit, then rushing back, then rushing forward again.
Timothy Sackton: You can see
Timothy Sackton: now, after maybe an hour's walk or so in the distance ahead of you, a ghostly dwarf
Timothy Sackton: wearing full-plate armor, carrying a battle axe long on her back, but in substantial, ethereal, especially in the dim, flat light of this place,
Timothy Sackton: when she seems
Timothy Sackton: perched almost on Ah! On a rock outcrop of cropping, gazing intently south. The needs to cross the river, seemingly staring at the large, partially ruined statue of the huge stone warrior of the distance.
Timothy Sackton: She turns slowly as your group approach and looks at talk. Who
Timothy Sackton: squeaks?
Timothy Sackton: They want to talk to you
Timothy Sackton: before kind of
Timothy Sackton: quelling under her gaze,
Timothy Sackton: and then she turns, and she looks at you all waiting for you to speak
you
you!
Riswyn: I didn't even want to say anything.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to discuss what you're planning on doing out of character first
here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, it's too funny.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What are we planning on to make?
Riswyn: I think we just want to ask her.
Riswyn: It's for information about
Riswyn: her history with this place, and
Riswyn: hold beard, or whatever that goes. Name is
Phil Grayson: agriculture.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, then, the I think probably the three of us subtly glance over at Roosevelt and give up
bye,
Riswyn: I will Yes, go ask her
you,
Riswyn: I will say
Riswyn: we greet you. Talk has told us that we are in the presence of
Riswyn: insert name here. I'm really doing badly with names right now.
Timothy Sackton: Nora's, Nora Silver Spark
Riswyn: or a silver start by meeting.
Riswyn: We are honored to meet you.
Riswyn: We need to know more about this place where we find ourselves
Riswyn: and the history of your party.
Riswyn: I can
Riswyn: to show our mission,
Riswyn: and so we ask you if you will tell us the tale of
Riswyn: how you came to this place,
Riswyn: and what does it mean
Riswyn: to what is a meaning of the current state of things where Margaret is always watching.
Riswyn: Everyone is trapped in the village of Lee. Cold.
Timothy Sackton: She looks over you sort of coldly and sense.
Timothy Sackton: And What is your mission?
Riswyn: We see once your travels, of course
Riswyn: we seek one who traveled with you
Riswyn: when you first came here.
Timothy Sackton: She looks
Timothy Sackton: two.
Riswyn: Help me out
Riswyn: that one man a man.
Phil Grayson: It's a
hey?
Phil Grayson: Hi! We're looking for. Hi, Graham!
Phil Grayson: What we heard in this is, you are all,
Timothy Sackton: or concern of yours is
Timothy Sackton: Hagrim and
Timothy Sackton: the ghosts of this place.
Timothy Sackton: There are a few outsiders here. I can see by your
Timothy Sackton: clothing that you have not spent long in this
Timothy Sackton: land!
Timothy Sackton: What business is of yours? What business is it of mine to aid you in this?
Timothy Sackton: It's it
Phil Grayson: honestly. I couldn't give two cusses about him, but
Phil Grayson: the barriers. I'll have me here to find Agram,
Phil Grayson: so I must.
Phil Grayson: My understanding that you are the best we can do.
Riswyn: It is in the interest of justice
Riswyn: and resolution.
Timothy Sackton: You were
a lot two.
Timothy Sackton: You are sent by the gods,
Phil Grayson: I
Phil Grayson: with ail a plenty if it pleases you,
Timothy Sackton: does not.
Phil Grayson: I turn around to the rest. And I say, I don't know if I trust her
Timothy Sackton: did not.
Timothy Sackton: No, the gods
Timothy Sackton: cared,
Timothy Sackton: and all
Timothy Sackton: for us,
Timothy Sackton: he said, It is just the seasick.
Timothy Sackton: What sort of justice would you bring?
Riswyn: It depends on the right understanding of the situation.
Timothy Sackton: What do you want from me?
Riswyn: We cannot judge what we don't understand. We cannot serve justice to one. We cannot find
Riswyn: you
Riswyn: as
Riswyn: a to tell.
Riswyn: Oh,
Riswyn: what this man has done, what this dwarf has done,
Riswyn: or a
Riswyn: inkling As to his present circumstances,
Riswyn: that would be a great help to us
Timothy Sackton: make a persuasion check.
Timothy Sackton: She looks at you, and she says
Timothy Sackton: it was
Timothy Sackton: long ago.
Timothy Sackton: I don't
Timothy Sackton: don't rightly know how we got here. Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know that I
Timothy Sackton: There are a few here who I would trust, But I will say this:
Timothy Sackton: I do not think this
Timothy Sackton: was Hagram's fault.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, he
Timothy Sackton: snapped in battle,
Timothy Sackton: and has
Timothy Sackton: dwelled here long, now
Timothy Sackton: created this place around his
Timothy Sackton: haunted memories.
Phil Grayson: What do you mean? He created it.
He's
Phil Grayson: he's not more Cullen now, is he?
Timothy Sackton: It's what he calls himself.
Phil Grayson: Well, that makes for a different story altogether, I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What did happen then?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's the real story? As far as you can tell.
Timothy Sackton: Do not know why I should trust you.
Timothy Sackton: What will you do for us?
Timothy Sackton: What will you do for me?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What you mean is place?
Timothy Sackton: Do not know. It's been so long.
Timothy Sackton: She turns, and she sort of, and she looks at talk.
Timothy Sackton: There was born here. I've never,
Timothy Sackton: or even
Timothy Sackton: the blessing of the gods of the
Timothy Sackton: their names.
Timothy Sackton: We have been
Timothy Sackton: cut off
Timothy Sackton: for so long.
Timothy Sackton: You say that God sent you, but
Timothy Sackton: many have come before
Timothy Sackton: claims to be sent by the gods.
Timothy Sackton: Why should we? Why should I trust?
Timothy Sackton: Why should I trust you?
Phil Grayson: Well, did any of them have a cup like that?
Phil Grayson: Why, don't I
Phil Grayson: you're not interested in ale. Maybe you're interested in whatever she's offering.
Timothy Sackton: She looks, and she
Timothy Sackton: sort of
Timothy Sackton: turns slightly even more insubstantial
Timothy Sackton: it's survived.
Timothy Sackton: How
Timothy Sackton: for sure, when the
Timothy Sackton: when we lost the battle,
Timothy Sackton: the giant or the trolls would have destroyed that.
Riswyn: No, it ended, buried in the wreckage of that
Riswyn: field of that battle,
Riswyn: and was found ages later,
Riswyn: and when I learned of it's being found,
Riswyn: our people sent me to reclaim it
Riswyn: and bring it back to our
Riswyn: and
Riswyn: and home.
Riswyn: But the gods took note that it was again amongst the dwarves,
Riswyn: and sent it here for this use
Riswyn: with us.
Timothy Sackton: She looks um
Timothy Sackton: kind of hungryly at the chalice.
Timothy Sackton: I guess I can share the story with you.
Timothy Sackton: If you bear the
Timothy Sackton: artifacts of the gods,
it's, it's it's
Timothy Sackton: we left.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how many years ago. Now time passes strangely in this place,
Timothy Sackton: traveling with that very chalice,
Timothy Sackton: looking for
Timothy Sackton: refugees for those who had survived the great war,
Timothy Sackton: i'm
Timothy Sackton: in those days was a
Timothy Sackton: seasoned veteran
Timothy Sackton: spot.
Timothy Sackton: Mine fires and worse, and the
Timothy Sackton: apes underneath
Timothy Sackton: the mountains
happened to him there, because
Timothy Sackton: well, he didn't want to.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't want to go. He was reluctant to join our expedition.
Timothy Sackton: I think he was hoping maybe, for a heroic death.
Timothy Sackton: We found
many refugees
Timothy Sackton: turn south.
Timothy Sackton: We did, but not to feed It
Timothy Sackton: fled with maybe
Timothy Sackton: five hundred dwarfs, hoping to lead them to safety.
Timothy Sackton: North of the human city of Toka we encountered
Timothy Sackton: the son of a
Timothy Sackton: fire giant who had been slaughtered by the
Timothy Sackton: the humans. He called himself
Timothy Sackton: Magerson.
Timothy Sackton: It's Leaving an army of trolls, and we were.
Timothy Sackton: We were trapped.
Timothy Sackton: We hauled up. We built a fortification,
Timothy Sackton: hoping to
Timothy Sackton: out last a giant
Timothy Sackton: think
Timothy Sackton: I think we would have
Timothy Sackton: sort of pauses for a moment, and, like her features, become slightly indistinct.
Timothy Sackton: I was commanding them
Timothy Sackton: the flank of the war bands.
It's a
Timothy Sackton: holding ground against the Trolls. Well,
Timothy Sackton: her grammar and
Timothy Sackton: his elite squad of warriors attempted to take down
Timothy Sackton: the giant himself.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: I was young. It was my first battle.
Timothy Sackton: I ordered a retreat
Timothy Sackton: which turned into a route.
Timothy Sackton: A man!
Timothy Sackton: My! Fled.
Timothy Sackton: Something in Hagrim snapped. I think he thought
Timothy Sackton: I had turned on
Timothy Sackton: the dwarfs,
and that
Timothy Sackton: think you'd fought.
Timothy Sackton: He was betrayed again. Maybe
Timothy Sackton: Maybe the old horrors of the
Timothy Sackton: mind-altering evils of the great War came back to them,
Timothy Sackton: and he turned on me,
Timothy Sackton: and as we fought on the battlefield he orders troops to slay my companions.
Timothy Sackton: We would not fight back,
Timothy Sackton: and so we were slaughtered.
Timothy Sackton: He turns
Timothy Sackton: then, I believe, and
Timothy Sackton: killed everything
Timothy Sackton: around him in a rampage,
Timothy Sackton: and when I awoke
Timothy Sackton: well, I was in this place
Timothy Sackton: darkness grew
Timothy Sackton: the domain of more Colin, the land of the dishonor dead,
Timothy Sackton: and I have watched since then as he has
Timothy Sackton: turns.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know
Timothy Sackton: ever more
Timothy Sackton: paranoid
Timothy Sackton: angry.
Timothy Sackton: This place have gotten darker and darker, but I cannot
Timothy Sackton: leave this spot where I died.
Nothing I can do.
Timothy Sackton: Do not think he can leave
Timothy Sackton: the site of his last battle, either
Timothy Sackton: at the feet of that statue.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if he even remembers anymore,
Timothy Sackton: Summer.
Timothy Sackton: Some say that the
Timothy Sackton: ghosts that haunt the ruined statue are pogrom's. Memory is made spirit.
You,
Timothy Sackton: you know not what you or the gods will do with this information.
Timothy Sackton: That is what I can tell you.
Riswyn: We honor you for telling us your great and woeful tale.
Phil Grayson: So
Phil Grayson: what
Phil Grayson: you're a ghost, what is talk then? What is bleak. Hold what
Phil Grayson: it is. This whole place is
Phil Grayson: uh a dreamscape.
Timothy Sackton: The best I can figure.
Timothy Sackton: The refugees who survived
Timothy Sackton: were not killed in the slaughter
Timothy Sackton: or drawing were
Timothy Sackton: into this place.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly others have wandered in since. There, there's
Timothy Sackton: rumor of a few humans lurking around to
Timothy Sackton: much younger than us,
Timothy Sackton: but as long as
Timothy Sackton: Mark Colin Hagrim
Timothy Sackton: rules here, none can leave, and none can die.
Phil Grayson: We have to face him in battle. Is there anything we should know? Is he
Phil Grayson: somehow the in a weakened state. There's something that gives him power here.
Timothy Sackton: I believe he is a
Timothy Sackton: ghost like me.
Timothy Sackton: Normal weapons cannot hurt him.
Timothy Sackton: Only magic
Timothy Sackton: enchanted items.
Phil Grayson: So when did he die?
Timothy Sackton: I don't know
Timothy Sackton: after me
Timothy Sackton: do not know what happened from the
Timothy Sackton: between the moment
Timothy Sackton: he slaughtered me on the battlefield, and the moment I woke here,
Timothy Sackton: but I know he did not slaughter all the dwarfs who were there, because
Timothy Sackton: some
Timothy Sackton: some are now trapped here.
Timothy Sackton: I know he is not a living creature.
Timothy Sackton: Not anymore.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What does he want in all of this, I mean,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does he want to be here? Does he want to be free.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does he want to die? What
Timothy Sackton: I don't even think you've remembered hug from any more?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you know what Hugram's home and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the story was before you met him.
Timothy Sackton: I don't.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know much.
Timothy Sackton: He grew up in
Timothy Sackton: an artist. The kingdom that fell the great War.
Timothy Sackton: He was always close with
Timothy Sackton: Del, his cousin, who was on the expedition with us.
I don't know if he lived or died
you might be able to speak more of his childhood
Riswyn: talk. Do you know a dog
Timothy Sackton: dog? Um:
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: When I was when I was very little,
Timothy Sackton: but that's who they call him the Mad priests. Now
Timothy Sackton: that used to be his name dog Firebrand.
Timothy Sackton: It was
Timothy Sackton: was exiled
Timothy Sackton: and more Colin sent to the wastes.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody knows if he's alive or Dad,
Riswyn: but he was telling stories of the places you were all from.
Riswyn: If I recall your
Riswyn: neighborhoods fathers tales,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): how would you find a person in the wastes?
Timothy Sackton: Well, um!
Timothy Sackton: This is talk speaking. I
Timothy Sackton: I don't go in the waist. There's trolls there.
Timothy Sackton: Hagrim controls more. Colin controls them.
Timothy Sackton: That's where those who
Timothy Sackton: well, if you just please more, Colin,
Timothy Sackton: that's where you're sent,
Timothy Sackton: and everybody says the trolls eat your spirit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, that's a quick way to get there, then, eh?
Timothy Sackton: I I guess I I mean
Timothy Sackton: I wouldn't go there, but i'm not strong like you.
Riswyn: There's some wisdom in choosing your battles talk
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and choosing battles. You can survive especially
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): address the ghost again, and and there's no way out. You You spoke of people who had come. Where,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): where did they go? And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): where did the humans come from I mean
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): people just show up here from time to time. Then,
Timothy Sackton: indeed,
Timothy Sackton: I think those who wander into the ruins
Timothy Sackton: wander onto the battlefield.
Ah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but never the other way around,
Timothy Sackton: never the other way around,
Timothy Sackton: perhaps with powerful magic.
And you don't hear the gods here, then
Timothy Sackton: No!
Timothy Sackton: Does he die.
Timothy Sackton: Stay!
Timothy Sackton: Even death is not an escape
Phil Grayson: getting your spirit eaten by a troll and escape.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe
Phil Grayson: just sit in a belly for the rest of time,
Timothy Sackton: or maybe
Timothy Sackton: maybe you become a troll
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and one of the humans. Does anyone know why they're here? What they're doing here? Why, they ended up.
Riswyn: I believe that they were looking for the chalice of the ruined priest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Uh! And then wandered into the battlefield, presumably
Riswyn: Mhm
humans.
Riswyn: It's not theirs.
Riswyn: No pity from me
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): to the
Phil Grayson: that challenge our ticket home as well,
Riswyn: I think succeeding in our
Riswyn: task is our ticket home.
Timothy Sackton: So you do all have those like slivers of
Timothy Sackton: whatever that let you teleport. How should you fail and decide to give up you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I forgot about this, Tim. All right. Remind me
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like when we started down the path we just like had those sort of things.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, before you walked into here. The idea of the the primary purpose being like the
Timothy Sackton: they teleport you back to
Timothy Sackton: where you were before
Timothy Sackton: the quest is done. But the secondary purpose being
Timothy Sackton: you fail, You're not necessarily trapped here forever.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we know? Sort of mechanically. Are those tuned to us have like fingerprint locks on them? Or could we in that to somebody else?
Timothy Sackton: No, they're Ted to you?
Timothy Sackton: The chalice, however, who knows what it can do?
Timothy Sackton: It is clearly like a divine artifact, and
Timothy Sackton: the stories and legends around it are all about sort of healing and
Timothy Sackton: refuge and safety.
Timothy Sackton: Reason they, the door was brought it. To go. Look for refugees is because they was supposed to have like magic healing powers.
Riswyn: But my entire expertise in wielding this magic item is touching it or not, and
Timothy Sackton: attempting to teleport you and your companions to safety, and only teleporting you
Riswyn: yes, to safety.
Timothy Sackton: So who knows how to actually use it?
Timothy Sackton: Or, if you can, even actually it's
Phil Grayson: so, are we contemplating going to see the humans? Then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'd rather
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I agree, because if the humans went looking for the chalice and we have the chalice,
Phil Grayson: the because when I was in the Iraq,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, if we don't want to give it up. It might be a fight.
Phil Grayson: I don't know if they've got much to,
Riswyn: they can sit where they're sitting and sit some more
Riswyn: for their troubles.
Phil Grayson: But if the mad priest is in the wastes,
Phil Grayson: they you get to the waste. If you upset more, Colonel,
Phil Grayson: we're here to judge more. Cullen, why don't we just go and judge more, Cullen. And then,
Phil Grayson: if we're, you know, not ready to yet, he'll be pissed about it, or whatever. And the way we go to the waste.
Riswyn: I mean aren't the ways to sort of
Riswyn: dreadful-looking wastes that are in between here and the nasty statue. So they're just on the other side of the river. The statue is like on the so the nasty statue at the crude fort that's supposedly hogram more colin space
Timothy Sackton: right next to the river,
Timothy Sackton: and then, like
Timothy Sackton: extending to the east or to the however far
Timothy Sackton: is the ashy wastes.
Riswyn: So we sort of have to sneak past his fortress to get to the as you was otherwise. Well, I mean you've traveled now, probably ten or fifteen miles along this muddy river,
Timothy Sackton: so you could easily go south to bleak, cold, and then cross or go north a little bit further, and then cross.
Timothy Sackton: The statue itself is only like it's not. I mean. It's big, but it's like sixty feet tall or something like that. It's not
Timothy Sackton: miles and miles across,
Timothy Sackton: so you so it's not. You don't need a sneak. You can just walk in a circle and get one.
Phil Grayson: Is there something that we think the mad priest has we need before we go to the statue.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What did the ghost Just tell it? I feel awkward saying this in front of the goes. What are we? Just what's the relationship between the two of them again. The mad priest and Marcon
Riswyn: cousins.
Riswyn: I think that you were asking about
Riswyn: more Collins life if i'm conjecturing your meaning right because you
Riswyn: reminding him of his paths could make the conversation go better,
Riswyn: and the more we actually know to
Riswyn: prompt a favorable memory, the
Riswyn: better armed we are for that
Riswyn: of the confrontation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, and if the work is to bring him to justice,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it doesn't seem like he could be responsible if he doesn't remember who he is, or what he did, or why.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I wonder if part of the task
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to remember enough to repent of it,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in which case, starting with the priests, seems like a good idea,
Phil Grayson: like I said, like a senile. Murder is still a motor, though
Phil Grayson: we saw the vision, Nora told us of it.
Phil Grayson: Let's go waste this ghost. Let's get out of here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, where to? Then?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The waste,
Phil Grayson: you know. Let me hear it.
Phil Grayson: It's not the ways I met,
Phil Grayson: and i'm not the ghost, neither
Phil Grayson: should I take a vote.
Riswyn: I wouldn't say that i'm advocating that we should scour the wastes for weeks at a time, looking for this traveler. But if we can make our way
Riswyn: slightly, roundaboutly towards the concentration with Hagerman,
Riswyn: perhaps fortuitously run into the travel. The mad priest on the way,
Riswyn: i'd rather do that than make a bee line for the battle.
Phil Grayson: You'd rather maybe bump into a spirits eating troll along the way.
Riswyn: I'm more worried about facing Hager, i'm unprepared, and not being able to complete our mission than having to fight a troll,
Phil Grayson: I mean, i'm going home either way. I'm just been in a little silver thing.
Phil Grayson: I'm not gonna go on my own. So if if it's to the waste, i'll go to the wastes.
Phil Grayson: If I don't do this right. The iron corns are going to continue to pester me for the rest of time, and i'd rather that this was a proper severed.
Phil Grayson: I don't want any more. Oh, but can we just talk about this? No.
Timothy Sackton: So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): well, let's let's not waste any time.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So where are you going?
Timothy Sackton: Somebody has just got to make a decision.
Timothy Sackton: You're currently somewhat north of the statue.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Sounds like we're going to the statue, but in a roundabout way we kind of
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): into the waste a bit.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: uh. So are you heading
Timothy Sackton: like straight across the river and then turn south, or you're gonna circle back to bleak, cold and then cross and head north
Timothy Sackton: like the
Timothy Sackton: here are the
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: let me draw a little map. And
Timothy Sackton: okay. So
Timothy Sackton: basically you've got
This is terrible.
Timothy Sackton: You've got the river.
Timothy Sackton: You've got bleak cold. There,
Timothy Sackton: you've got the statue.
Oh, come on,
Timothy Sackton: You got the statue like There
Timothy Sackton: you are currently like here,
Timothy Sackton: so you could go.
Timothy Sackton: You could go like across the river here and like, wander through and come south,
Timothy Sackton: or you could go back
Timothy Sackton: across the over here and turn north.
Timothy Sackton: You could just go straight south and cross the river right where the statue is.
Riswyn: Do we make sure to talks? Okay, getting back to blue cold
Riswyn: safely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah,
Riswyn: I mean he's gone back and forth a bit
Riswyn: few times. Maybe he's
Riswyn: confident that
Riswyn: he won't get into it won't end up, hold up in another,
Riswyn: I mean. He certainly would not object to the company if you were willing to ask for them back closer to
Timothy Sackton: Bleak Holmes.
Timothy Sackton: He's not going to insist on it.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I think if we go back to Bleak and then cross, then we at least get like more of a
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): their creature is the wastelands back to the shadow or to the statue,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): and then we can also make sure the tax on. Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should go looking for the priest first, because,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, even if things go badly at the statue and we're sent off to the wastes,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we may not get another shot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): better to have
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): every advantage we have before
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): trying that fight or negotiation,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): then to try it and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): try it again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Overwhelming force.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The bad priest may be easier to find
Riswyn: closer toably cold rather than on the other side of the statue.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it's still probably the best route. What? Marish pointed out. Very good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you turn south
Timothy Sackton: and head back in the direction of we called with talk,
Timothy Sackton: stopping a little bit short of where the sort of zombie guards are sort of pasting around
Timothy Sackton: and find your way across the river.
Timothy Sackton: The land on the far side of the river is so there's a big cliff that runs along the
Timothy Sackton: left bank of the river, but the right bank is just the sort of flat expanse almost unmarked, except for that
Timothy Sackton: um go.
Timothy Sackton: Huge legs of the statue ahead, and the sort of broken sort of crumbled, headless body.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: You see a there's like occasional like clouds of dust blowing across, and it's
um!
Timothy Sackton: It's sort of dry and dusty.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is sort of obscured by the dust. There's a fate, even though there's not really. You can't really feel a win. It's like
Timothy Sackton: as if there was a wind blowing up dust. So everything was considered lately obscured, so it's hard to see much.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: What is your you're just gonna like wander around. You have direction you want ahead
Timothy Sackton: scouting plan
Timothy Sackton: trying to be stealthy.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Well, I don't think myself or wisdom will ever be stealthy, but I wouldn't mind trying to look around a little bit and see if there's any sort of
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): like waypoints, or any sort of finger posts, or
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): anything that might give us an sense of direction through the waste lands
Timothy Sackton: there. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Phil Grayson: I mean, there's not like signs or trails. There's some,
Phil Grayson: you know, opt a little bit I could. I could also fly up into the air with my boots to get some higher ground.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): That would that would also give you
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: uh give you some.
Phil Grayson: Certainly it wouldn't be stealthy, but I can. I can go up quite a bit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's a fine idea.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, all right. See you in an hour or so, and I just start sprinting northward
Phil Grayson: to the heavens, I suppose. Okay, make it. Make our perception check.
Timothy Sackton: I'm going to say straight roll
Timothy Sackton: advantage for being, for your your perspective being cancelled by the disadvantage from the obscurement.
Phil Grayson: So just a straight one, one one perception,
Phil Grayson: all lovely.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Phil Grayson: So you're able to get
Timothy Sackton: get a sense of the of the landscape a little bit like you can. You can sort of sense, you know, Get a sense of the topography,
Timothy Sackton: and I mean you don't see any like
Timothy Sackton: this way to the mad priest or
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you know,
Timothy Sackton: here's the band of trolls to avoid the
Timothy Sackton: But you do see the The one thing you do see that's, you know, maybe slightly interesting is
Timothy Sackton: so. There's these like small piles of rocks these like single rocks, that kind of jut out of sort of scatter around.
Timothy Sackton: But after flying around for a bit you know about a
Timothy Sackton: you know, twenty thirty-minute flight east into the wastes away from the river, maybe an hour on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: You do you do see like sort of a, you know, as the dust occasionally breaks, there's a like a bigger, rocky outcropping, and it look where it looks like there's a cave
Timothy Sackton: like a small sort of cave that you can see from the sky. There's dust blowing in front of it. You can't really make out
Timothy Sackton: what's inside. I mean you could
Timothy Sackton: I guess if you wanted to, you could land
Phil Grayson: um,
Phil Grayson: so sorry I've gone toward it, but i'm far from the party. Now we're just up high.
Timothy Sackton: I assume you're doing like a little bit of a circle around.
Phil Grayson: Sure.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Phil Grayson: listen. I'd come back down then and talk to them. This is about three, maybe three, four miles away.
Phil Grayson: Okay, So you did. Yeah, maybe a little less, maybe two miles away. You did like a little bit of a a loop, just kind of trying to get your bearings. Um, and you can. And this is like about two or three miles some distance. It's hard to do as distances here.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, you're right.
Timothy Sackton: Not super far
Timothy Sackton: fight, but you know, stumbling across the rubble and stuff it's going to take longer
Timothy Sackton: where there's like what looks like. It might be a cave.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can't really make out much detail or see anything else besides that.
Okay?
Phil Grayson: Um,
Phil Grayson: Ok. Well, I will fly back down to the group
Phil Grayson: overall at this point. How long would you say I flew for like one or two hours?
Timothy Sackton: Um, i'd say that was about an hour
Timothy Sackton: to show it all.
Phil Grayson: And you I am. Yeah. Three hours left on the boots.
Phil Grayson: Um,
Phil Grayson: all right. So
Phil Grayson: Rock Rock Rock, the mad priest chile that the statue for sure.
Phil Grayson: No, I did. I saw a cave, though
Phil Grayson: maybe that's where the trolls live. But maybe that's a refuge sort of the spirits, or maybe it's full of gold,
Phil Grayson: a task available in. I've got one of those I don't need that I don't know what's in the cave.
Phil Grayson: Um,
Phil Grayson: it's pretty bloody bleak out there it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think the cave sounds good, and if it's the priest we talk to him, and if it's the trolls, we ask them why the priests are
Phil Grayson: You're going to talk to us for all?
Riswyn: Yeah, You just say, Hey, where are the tasty priests around here?
Phil Grayson: Yeah, where is it?
Phil Grayson: Where's the most delicious spirit, with the maddest head on his shoulders.
Phil Grayson: I think we might be in the running for the mad priest going toward a trolled in.
Timothy Sackton: So. Are you gonna Are you attempting to be stealthy? Are you attempting to be fast?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think attempts to be selfie. It will be inevitably fail.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I think we should just head over.
Phil Grayson: Okay, It's It's
Timothy Sackton: So you had in the direction of the cave Kind of walking through these like mists Um, the dust that's blown across, you know, scrambling up rocks and then sliding down the other side.
Timothy Sackton: You have a pretty good sense of the direction it's in it. It's not that hard, but and
Timothy Sackton: uh, you know,
Timothy Sackton: roughness was able to note a few landmarks from the air, so it's so you can. You can certainly keep your
Timothy Sackton: your
Timothy Sackton: but like the you know, it's slow going, and it's
Timothy Sackton: like anything could be out there in in the dust.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: You go for maybe twenty, thirty minutes about. Who is what? What's your sort of border that you're walking? And he's keeping watch?
Phil Grayson: I don't have amazing perception. Does anyone have better than plus.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): My reception is plus five.
Phil Grayson: So maybe you're up front. I could. I could keep watch up front.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah,
Riswyn: for ten
Phil Grayson: uh make a perception check with disadvantage,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): with disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Because you're walking through desk clouds.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Check that
Timothy Sackton: um. So you you continue
Timothy Sackton: for another like
Timothy Sackton: five minutes or so. When um
Timothy Sackton: you are.
Hold on a Sec. Here,
Timothy Sackton: as you are passing a
Timothy Sackton: you are passing a cluster of That's huge,
Timothy Sackton: a clust of rocks.
Phil Grayson: Oh, yeah, these were some of my favorite rooks from the sky.
Phil Grayson: They look a little like uh
Phil Grayson: one of my one of my childhood
Phil Grayson: play areas out in the out in the mountains,
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: probably something like this.
Phil Grayson: Um! Oh, that's us, thank goodness!
Phil Grayson: I didn't know who it was to start with.
Timothy Sackton: Just um
Timothy Sackton: coming just straight through the rock. The
Timothy Sackton: This massive spirit troll
Timothy Sackton: just like rushes through the rock and takes a swipe at you.
Timothy Sackton: And can you all roll initiative?
Timothy Sackton: See? Three,
Timothy Sackton: eighteen and twenty-one.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, okay, um
Timothy Sackton: roar would go first. But you are surprised.
Timothy Sackton: It's now.
Timothy Sackton: None of you go until the troll
Timothy Sackton: takes a swipe at
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: The Trolle rushes out, and it's It's like a spirit troll, but it's also got this like
Timothy Sackton: shadow is kind of pouring off of that,
Timothy Sackton: and I was going to make a
Timothy Sackton: it. It sort of reaches towards the shadow, and it kind of slashes out itself, and this black spurting
Timothy Sackton: like black shadow, just like spews out of it in a fifteen-foot cubes. So one, two, three,
Timothy Sackton: so getting everybody but rizwin.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, taking
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: twenty points of necrotic damage or sorry. Make a constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: So twenty points of Get a product image to Roth. This, and you are frightened.
Timothy Sackton: Twenty points of necrotic damage to Marish, and you are frightened. It frightens ten points of the chronic damage to four, and you are not frightened,
Timothy Sackton: and now floor is up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm sick.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, this is next.
Timothy Sackton: But you are frightened so you cannot approach it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right. I'm going to come in and um I can grasp it and then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): float back away again on my
Timothy Sackton: okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just of things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So i'm gonna leave myself here because I'm coming right back to the same, actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But Billy Mcmahon has built her
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: that misses
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who know that wasn't your attack? That's the damage you got to roll an attack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Certainly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Track practice
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): chosen this evening to not cooperate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nope, that's all, that's all that's all damage you got to. There should be a
Timothy Sackton: so where the plus nine to hit?
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why it's not letting you go
Timothy Sackton: if you if you click on your spells and you click on that spell attack button at the very top.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right. Got it? Thanks.
Timothy Sackton: There you go. Okay, That heads. So where did you roll for damage? Eleven,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know. Eight, fifteen, eleven, I I I a lot of things for damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, So as you reach out and you grab it. And this shock spread out on these black shadows that are kind of swirling about it.
Timothy Sackton: This lagnikaric energy sprays out, and everybody within five feet of the troll, which is you and Marish takes five points of necrotic damage
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome, and it takes an extra four points of lighting damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then I guessed away, and I'm going to move slightly to the left. You can only gust away if you cast a leveled spell right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, what an interesting question!
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, all of this only works. If you cast a leveled spell it doesn't work as you.
Timothy Sackton: If you cast a can trap so you can redo your turn if you want to do something different, because you probably don't want to stand next to the Troll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, i'll just let it work with a can trip for this term, just because that's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): okay.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. But in the future it's It's only leveled spells
awesome.
Timothy Sackton: And you are not frightened, so you don't have to do anything. Your office. You are frightened that you cannot move closer to the troll.
Timothy Sackton: You have disadvantaged on attacks. Well, you can make a wisdom save at the end of each turn to resist.
Timothy Sackton: You also have your monk ability. You can spend an action to
Timothy Sackton: stop being frightened.
Timothy Sackton: So what do you want to do?
Phil Grayson: I was me it that whole time, so I
Phil Grayson: I realized I don't have any magical throwing items, so
Phil Grayson: I take a big sweep from the stein, and I say you don't scare me for all you're just.
Phil Grayson: But then then I can't do much as a bonus, because I need to attack to do a bonus unarmed.
Phil Grayson: Yeah. So
Phil Grayson: in that case I will take a potion of greater feeling as a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Phil Grayson: um.
Phil Grayson: So do I need to roll that It didn't roll
Phil Grayson: click on the forty four plus four in.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, The little black shadows like pulled in and healed the troll
Phil Grayson: um and sorry and heal the troll
Timothy Sackton: trolls regenerate, obviously.
Phil Grayson: Oh, well, no. But I I I get health back right.
Phil Grayson: Yes, you get killed, too.
Phil Grayson: Okay,
Phil Grayson: and that it is going to turn on its turn. It's going to turn and bite. But i'm going to move back for now as Well,
Phil Grayson: okay, Twenty one to hit um. Marish.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Yeah, that's it.
Phil Grayson: Okay, I can't. I can't grab my guy at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: let me fix that.
I can just drag on a new one if you want.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, just drag out everyone.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why it's not working for you. Um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Then a second claw attack misses natural one,
Timothy Sackton: and then it's.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: wait. Sorry uh,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I I didn't tell you how much I
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): no, not yet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you take from the bite you take six points of
Timothy Sackton: piercing damage and five points of the chronic image
Timothy Sackton: Um! The claw misses,
Timothy Sackton: and then the last claw.
Timothy Sackton: It's two natural ones. Awesome.
Timothy Sackton: That end this term is when you're out
Riswyn: all right. Um
Riswyn: Speaker:
Riswyn: A
Riswyn: spiritual needs, so I know It's a it's. Hold on a sec.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead.
Riswyn: Um.
Riswyn: Theory. Spiritual needs some spirit fighting. So i'm going to cast
Riswyn: um.
Riswyn: Does the spirit guardians do an attack, or is it just as expensive thing.
Timothy Sackton: Spirit guardians. When when enemy starts its turn within fifteen feet of you.
Riswyn: Um! It has to make a wisdom save or take, however much damage it does
Riswyn: right.
Riswyn: It's not a attack with this turn
Timothy Sackton: right? It's whenever it starts its turn. Yeah.
Riswyn: Well,
Riswyn: it's going to get a turn again soon. I think i'll still do that.
Riswyn: Okay?
Riswyn: No, I hate spiritual weapon. Didn't I?
Riswyn: You right? You meant to cash spirit guardians, right? Yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: So you you want to make sure you move.
Timothy Sackton: So it's within the whip radius.
Riswyn: Yeah,
okay.
Riswyn: The good to block
Riswyn: somebody Is that protective, or is that going to hamper somebody's attack?
Phil Grayson: Um. I don't see anything
Riswyn: i'm trying to figure out whose token is
Riswyn: due south of patrol.
Riswyn: It looks like an owl to me.
Timothy Sackton: That's um. That's through our.
Riswyn: Am I going to be in throws way?
Riswyn: You can move around you easily enough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll scan,
Riswyn: I i'll stand there with my armor in case that the troll wants to lash out, and I will do my spirit guardian thing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Maris, you're out
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): uh, okay, I am going to.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I'm still frightened, so I can't mean any close there. Thankfully,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I will attack with my mall of the forge.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that it's.
Oh,
Timothy Sackton: okay, as you hit it again, these shadows flash out around you,
Timothy Sackton: and you take
Timothy Sackton: six points of necrotic damage.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Curses
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Um! Shoot. Okay, I need to get away from this thing.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I'm going to run a few feet back
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): uh just to get a little bit out of the way.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it's gonna make a claw attack as you run.
Timothy Sackton: That's a nineteen to head.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Yeah, that is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that I couldn't take ah reactions with
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you're right. So now it's not going to be
Riswyn: good coffee
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): uh, and then
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): i'm going to use a second win to regain some hit points. Okay,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): all right. You're up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): through our tires of this
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to come in
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and here with lightning ball.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that is a. I just made it safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, that's twelve damage
Timothy Sackton: uh plus the extra four. So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fourteen damage awesome. And then I'm going to gust myself back out again. That was disappointing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: process. You're up.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, uh question for you on?
Phil Grayson: Well, I guess two questions depending on your answer. The first monk um unarmed strikes. Do they count as a melee weapon for the stunning Strike, Jeremiah Crawford says, Yes, Okay,
Phil Grayson: good enough.
Phil Grayson: So
Phil Grayson: i'm going to come in
Phil Grayson: and try and
Phil Grayson: watch this ghost.
Phil Grayson: Okay,
Phil Grayson: magic fists with my magic fists.
Phil Grayson: So let's start with this
Phil Grayson: first, the tax side of twenty
Timothy Sackton: that hits a new cake
Timothy Sackton: uh nine points of
Phil Grayson: Oh, no, that was a really good role. Fifteen points of necrotic damage for a bunch of these shadows. The shadows around it like splash out around you as you hit it. You said nineteen,
Phil Grayson: fifteen, fifty. Voila is not a good for me at all.
Timothy Sackton: You gotta.
Phil Grayson: I'm going to stun it, attempt to stun it. So it needs to succeed on a thirteen con.
Timothy Sackton: It has a plus five to con rolled in eleven, so that's a sixteen turtle.
Phil Grayson: Well, that's a lot of information. Um!
Phil Grayson: I think I might be useless in this fight,
Phil Grayson: so
Phil Grayson: i'll
Phil Grayson: keep punching
Phil Grayson: until I die, I suppose
Phil Grayson: I will do a second attack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Phil Grayson: create
Timothy Sackton: nice.
Phil Grayson: So what's that? What's he do to me?
Timothy Sackton: And you take
Timothy Sackton: uh nine points of the chronic damage.
Phil Grayson: He took more than I did. So that's a step in the right direction. I'm going to spend another key to do a flurry of blows.
Phil Grayson: Okay, So that's two more
Timothy Sackton: that hits
Timothy Sackton: that it's another eighteen damage to add. You take
Timothy Sackton: take a total of nine and seven, so a total of sixteen. The chronic damage.
Phil Grayson: Okay. So i'm like on death's door standing at the base of this ghost.
Phil Grayson: And I will. Uh,
Phil Grayson: yeah, I guess i'm gonna try to lie back. How much is my movement? Yeah,
Phil Grayson: um, just fyi. It does, does it?
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't permanently use its reactions?
Phil Grayson: Well, I don't want it to have a whole turn against me. I'm either going to go down or I'm. Not. So I fly backwards ten feet well five feet up and five feet back. I guess. Okay,
Phil Grayson: I go to here. If I don't. If I don't go down
Phil Grayson: it's gonna take a swing at you with it's cause good luck that's a ten. That's all lovely. I get away.
Phil Grayson: I say, I don't punch it unless you're looking to die
Timothy Sackton: that is going to be. It's turned now, and it's standing in the spirit Guardian. So it needs to make a wisdom saving throw, which is a six. So how much damage does it take
Riswyn: from the spirit guardians.
Riswyn: You casted it. Did you count to the other level? So that's forty eight. So just rule for four d, eight,
Timothy Sackton: and that's radiant damage.
Riswyn: Well, I have a choice of gradient, or, I think, necrotic. But
Riswyn: I was going for radiance.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, So as you
Timothy Sackton: uh as you. Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: As this like spirits surround it as it takes us damage. The shadows like around it kind of crumpl in
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: still gets to regenerate this turn,
Timothy Sackton: but now, at least temporarily. There's no shadows circling it,
Timothy Sackton: and it is going to take a step forward.
Timothy Sackton: Step here,
Timothy Sackton: and it's going to make a bite at
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: at office.
Timothy Sackton: Actually it'll
Timothy Sackton: they don't talk
Timothy Sackton: rest of the claw first,
Timothy Sackton: the whether it can hit her.
Timothy Sackton: That's a fifteen that misses so it's going to turn and bite at office.
Timothy Sackton: That is a
Timothy Sackton: twenty four.
Phil Grayson: The blood coming out of my ears is going to come out much quicker now,
Timothy Sackton: so that's going to be a total of fourteen damage.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I'm down
Timothy Sackton: uh, and then it will.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see
Timothy Sackton: It's going to
Timothy Sackton: step on top of you.
Timothy Sackton: So it's floating over you, and then make it second claw attack against met
Timothy Sackton: parish, which is a twenty.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): That is
Timothy Sackton: so. That's going to be.
Timothy Sackton: Ah sticks that's going to be sixteen points of damage,
Timothy Sackton: and then it's moved. Let's see. It's moved ten,
Timothy Sackton: twenty, because this counts it difficult for train for it, and it's trying to get away. So that's thirty
Timothy Sackton: it's got.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I can't quite get out.
Timothy Sackton: It's going to get to there
Timothy Sackton: so Rizman. You can make an attack of opportunity against them if you want to,
Riswyn: because I was trying to get outside of this for a spirits.
Riswyn: Well, I see no reason why I wouldn't want to
Riswyn: thank you right at all.
Riswyn: What kind of attack?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, just with shattered with your war hammer.
Timothy Sackton: God, it's
Timothy Sackton: okay. So eight
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and the shadows are at least temporarily gone. So no necrotic damage for you.
Timothy Sackton: And now it is your turn.
Riswyn: All right. I'm going to follow up on that, and just chase him down, and him. This chatter's term again.
Okay,
Riswyn: So I guess I have to move closer
Riswyn: and um
Riswyn: and i'm going to do like a
Riswyn: remaining
Riswyn: some sort of thing If I had
Timothy Sackton: uh ten misses
Timothy Sackton: um marriage. You're up. It is not currently
Timothy Sackton: started with you,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): was great news.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Um, I am going to.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I tried to hit it again with my all of the forge.
Timothy Sackton: Fifteen just hits.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh, okay.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that's a lot of damage.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Goodness!
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): And then uh, i'm going to use my Oh, sorry!
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead. It's beginning to become like shimmery and insubstantial
good.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I'm going to use my second attack to try to hit it with my handbags as well.
Timothy Sackton: Why, don't you just hit it with them all the forge again?
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I guess I can use. Yeah, I can do the multiply
Timothy Sackton: fifteen hits just for the image. Well, okay, twenty two, all for it.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): And then
Timothy Sackton: very insubstantial at this point, but not quite dead.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay? And then I wanted to use. I'm not super familiar with the maneuvers of a fighter,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): but I was Oh, no, I guess that doesn't actually make sense
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): to.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can push it away from you. You can
Timothy Sackton: deal damage to another creature. That's not very useful.
Timothy Sackton: You can force us to make a wisdom saving throw and be frightened.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): No, no, it's okay. I thought, Yeah, I missed. Read the
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): well, all of the things Italian right? Pushing attack does extra damage. Menacing attack is extra damage.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh, okay, So those two external
Timothy Sackton: you can also always action search if you really want to do extra damage.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Yeah, Um,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay, Actually, I think i'll do the um
this weekend.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Ah,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): i'll do the um medicine. This app
Timothy Sackton: bye, guys
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): um,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): and that says five to eight. No,
Timothy Sackton: just one d eight, and then it has to roll a save
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and sorry. What saving throw is it? And what's the Dc.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Uh it has to be A. Was staying with staying here with the Dc. Fifteen.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So as you reach off and swing on it when your second attack hits it begins.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's a six. So it shakes a little bit in it like there's streamers, it's shadows are gone, and it looks at you,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: it turns, and it kind of looks around, and it is now frightened, which means it has disadvantaged on attacks.
Timothy Sackton: It's also like nearly Dad.
Timothy Sackton: You're out,
Timothy Sackton: and it can't move closer to marriage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am coming in
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and shocking grasping it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah! And here is a spell tech.
Who
Timothy Sackton: that it's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here it is. Some damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's four out of that,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not plus four, because you only add that to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's right. That's about ten is enough to kill it. So, as you reach out, you grasp the spirit and the lightning coursing through your hand.
Timothy Sackton: Shimmers do the thing, and it
Timothy Sackton: dissipates um. Rafael's role in death saving town.
Phil Grayson: How do I use it in your next on beyond
Phil Grayson: it should just pop up like,
Oh, yeah, there is
Phil Grayson: not twenty. I have to stabilize myself, and you gain one hit for you.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I look around, and I say, Oh, that's a hangover, all right. It's been a while since I've been unconscious for
Phil Grayson: yo,
Phil Grayson: so I could use a short rest. I don't know for anyone else.
Timothy Sackton: You want to just take a rest right here in the middle of the Ashlands or continue to the case.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, the way you pose? That question makes the seem like a better.
Phil Grayson: I've got
Riswyn: What if you're sitting in the cave?
Phil Grayson: Right?
Phil Grayson: Um, what if that's their respond point for these ghosts.
This
there?
Riswyn: Well, you know, i'll go first.
Phil Grayson: You can just hide outside the cane for the whole battle
Timothy Sackton: Resident gods to investigate the cave.
Timothy Sackton: Make a perception check. As you get a little bit closer,
Timothy Sackton: Brisbane, go ahead.
Phil Grayson: I'm literally just killing it. One hit point. That's
Phil Grayson: I'm going to do a healing.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, thanks for the help.
Phil Grayson: The order of the holes is different than the order of I'm. Going to be perceptive after i'm healing.
Timothy Sackton: You got a wrong perception with disadvantage, though, but
Timothy Sackton: he'll first.
Riswyn: Heavens to Betsy.
Um!
Riswyn: I can do a third level
Riswyn: here worms
Phil Grayson: Thank you
Riswyn: right now. I'm going to
Riswyn: re-roll perception
Riswyn: it's going to be
Phil Grayson: yeah and tell you. Here
Timothy Sackton: you begin to approach, and you hear this kind of
Timothy Sackton: um noise That sounds like rocks falling and something walking in you turn like holding your
Timothy Sackton: war hammer until you hear a voice, and for a mercy,
Timothy Sackton: Hey! Who's there?
Riswyn: I say um
with the outside that
it's a but
Riswyn: I say that
sorry,
Riswyn: I say, wristwin, brawn anvil of the Artist Mountains,
Timothy Sackton: what she's doing here,
Timothy Sackton: you see, like kind of beginning, like peering out from the cave. This, like old dwarf, like leading on a staff um long, dusty, unkempt white beard, kind of squinting a little bit
Timothy Sackton: like walks a little bit forward, and like taps your armor with a stash.
Timothy Sackton: There's one,
Riswyn: indeed! That's what you want. Me.
Riswyn: I'd like to hear some tales of the past.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm! Isn't it? Ah! Which past
Riswyn: your past
Riswyn: I can't
Riswyn: before this
bleak
Riswyn: realm
Timothy Sackton: sign
Timothy Sackton: walks forward a little bit and kind of peers up into the sky.
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: not out today? No,
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Come, set.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, they can. They have caught up.
Timothy Sackton: It kind of looks looks out
Timothy Sackton: more rizwinds.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Essentially.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: How's it?
Does he Look alive.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, he looks alive.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he's all. But he's probably past two hundred.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, i'll uh
Phil Grayson: i'll offer on the pint. Then, of course,
Timothy Sackton: kind of sits down, and he's like there's a you know. You can see he's sort of pushed some rocks around the bottom of the cave to try and make what looks kind of like a like a house of sorts.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of tops a chair riz when set
Timothy Sackton: rizwin, and he looks over it. Raf us
Timothy Sackton: for you, Rizzwin.
Phil Grayson: Ah, yeah, thanks very much. That's quite quite kind of you. The best seat in the house I can see. Well, I've got the best pine to veil you've had in. Well, probably a hundred years, I bet,
Timothy Sackton: and he kind of reaches over any
Timothy Sackton: he takes a Stephanie
to me.
Timothy Sackton: I remember the
Timothy Sackton: brewery
Timothy Sackton: i'm in there
Timothy Sackton: in the city where I grew up
so
Timothy Sackton: stone a they call that
Phil Grayson: Well, actually my, that's my clan
Phil Grayson: stone fist.
Timothy Sackton: It is um
Timothy Sackton: wait.
Timothy Sackton: Bronze
kind of shakes his head.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: how Graham and I used to go
Timothy Sackton: sit there and talk about,
and I
Timothy Sackton: great adventures. We'd have
Timothy Sackton: my hand
Timothy Sackton: the finest.
Timothy Sackton: What is that um
Timothy Sackton: bone with?
Timothy Sackton: Meet around it? You roast
Timothy Sackton: from a lamb
Phil Grayson: the shank
Phil Grayson: a spit.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm. First
Timothy Sackton: spit
Timothy Sackton: at the finest rose spit.
Timothy Sackton: I used to set
Timothy Sackton: drinks another sip of the beer,
Timothy Sackton: since Ah,
Timothy Sackton: this is good.
Phil Grayson: Well, I should hope so. I do it myself.
Timothy Sackton: Stone, when
Timothy Sackton: he looks right. Who are you?
Timothy Sackton: He looks at tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: What? Where did you come from?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I came in with the Brisbane some thrower
Timothy Sackton: for our resign.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm. Nice to meet you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good to meet you, too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Someone told me you were dead
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe I am.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, you drink like a live dwarf.
Phil Grayson: Okay, you're still not the Yale.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe maybe
Timothy Sackton: maybe you're dead, too.
Phil Grayson: I think I was nearly dead about five minutes ago.
Timothy Sackton: Pokes in you again.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Stonewind can't be dead
Timothy Sackton: gaps
Timothy Sackton: right like tops of this is stick on them,
Timothy Sackton: marched his armor, and it's like playing, playing playing, and like starts like trying to play a tune on your armor.
Timothy Sackton: It takes that this up
Timothy Sackton: the bells
Timothy Sackton: the center of the city. We had
Timothy Sackton: the balls that would play in the morning, and the night
Timothy Sackton: last
Timothy Sackton: must have been a hundred of them.
Timothy Sackton: Mary's love that sound
Timothy Sackton: we're at.
Timothy Sackton: How are you?
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I am mirash rizwin of the bells.
Timothy Sackton: Where Where did Where did you all come from? Where?
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing here?
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): We came to find you.
Timothy Sackton: Me, I I thought I was dead.
Takes another sip of now.
Timothy Sackton: Cops on the cask,
Timothy Sackton: now
Timothy Sackton: perhaps on the stone,
you know
Timothy Sackton: he holds out his mug.
Phil Grayson: Fill it back up,
Timothy Sackton: Thanks another step.
Timothy Sackton: I should have never. We should have never gone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What did you think would happen?
Timothy Sackton: Let's get it.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you all come from?
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Where's where's Hagrim? Where's
Timothy Sackton: Nora? Where's Where's the army
Timothy Sackton: we left just
Timothy Sackton: just a few weeks ago, heading north. I
Timothy Sackton: I was
Timothy Sackton: convinced, Hagam to go. He
Timothy Sackton: it came back from the war. Changed.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Sorry about it.
It's
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: takes another step. Um
Timothy Sackton: thought it would be a
Timothy Sackton: great heroic fight
Timothy Sackton: that maybe
Timothy Sackton: maybe, if we could see
Timothy Sackton: the great halls of our home one more time
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Thorn teller so
Timothy Sackton: primitive
Timothy Sackton: almost nothing. There,
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. Maybe it's changed now.
Timothy Sackton: Takes another step.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of stares off.
Timothy Sackton: It all started going wrong.
Timothy Sackton: We found
Timothy Sackton: the city,
Timothy Sackton: but it was changed. It was dark.
Timothy Sackton: The great crystal lights that floated in the
Timothy Sackton: caverns,
Timothy Sackton: the waterfalls that
Timothy Sackton: poured
Timothy Sackton: from the cliffs into the river that
Timothy Sackton: i'll dry
Timothy Sackton: what
Timothy Sackton: looks around what
Timothy Sackton: we are.
Timothy Sackton: This is Cave doesn't this doesn't? Look right.
Timothy Sackton: Where are we
Timothy Sackton: we have.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you?
Timothy Sackton: Where
Timothy Sackton: Where is this place
the
Timothy Sackton: so dark?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What happened on the battlefield that day
Timothy Sackton: takes takes another step. I
Hey,
Timothy Sackton: don't don't
Timothy Sackton: don't don't remember don't
Timothy Sackton: It's a there's a
Timothy Sackton: There was no battle.
What! There?
Timothy Sackton: We didn't fight in the city. It was empty,
Timothy Sackton: it was
Timothy Sackton: it was dark, it was
Timothy Sackton: black, it was
Timothy Sackton: washed away of all color.
Timothy Sackton: The farmers were gone
Timothy Sackton: wasn't the same.
Riswyn: It was not a home you could go back to. But did you find refugees to take away?
Timothy Sackton: They took us away.
Timothy Sackton: Hagrim took us away. He asked sight.
Timothy Sackton: He took us
Timothy Sackton: somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Where did it?
Timothy Sackton: Where did we go? Where did
looks around like
Timothy Sackton: taps on that tries to like Stand up, and he's like sort of wobbles a little bit. It kind of slips and reaches out and grabs onto Brisbane's armor and sort of
Timothy Sackton: proving himself up and looks around.
Timothy Sackton: Where did he?
Timothy Sackton: Where are we taken?
Timothy Sackton: Where am I?
Phil Grayson: From what we've heard. This might just be
Phil Grayson: some sort of dream that Hagram is having or
Phil Grayson: pocket dimension. We're in a big old bag of holding that's just turned
Phil Grayson: dark from his memories.
Phil Grayson: Maybe some cheese at help yours and i'll. I'll give them some of the same cheese I've been handing out.
Timothy Sackton: It takes a little bite.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you?
Timothy Sackton: It looks around at.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you come from? What? What?
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing here?
Timothy Sackton: It's not It's different. It's not.
Timothy Sackton: They're not from here. They're not
Timothy Sackton: stranger strangers in this place. What
Timothy Sackton: does Hagrim now
Timothy Sackton: like straight at?
Timothy Sackton: Ah raw? This
Timothy Sackton: does Hagrim know?
Timothy Sackton: Did he send you?
Phil Grayson: I think he knows, because a patrol went to tell him we were here. But no, he didn't send us. We're here to
Phil Grayson: meet him at some point, but wanted to get a sense of who he was from those that knew him before.
Phil Grayson: I'm. From Sharon.
Phil Grayson: You remember that town,
that city?
Timothy Sackton: Yes,
Timothy Sackton: I haven't talked about Charter, and he
Timothy Sackton: fought with the Mages and the Great war.
Timothy Sackton: We would.
Timothy Sackton: After the war we would sit sometimes in the
watching,
Timothy Sackton: looking out over the planes up in the
Timothy Sackton: mountains. Ah,
Timothy Sackton: well,
Timothy Sackton: darn to her was being built and
Timothy Sackton: look across, and he would talk about
Timothy Sackton: the magic
Timothy Sackton: it's go down bad
Timothy Sackton: evil that would
Timothy Sackton: devour your brains
and
replace it,
Timothy Sackton: but some
Timothy Sackton: beast that would pilot your body. But it would not be you.
Timothy Sackton: It would be some
Timothy Sackton: something else that had devoured your mind
Timothy Sackton: tentacled horrors
like humans, but
Timothy Sackton: but not
Timothy Sackton: no, it's just tentacles,
Timothy Sackton: He said he saw one
Timothy Sackton: grab one of the most powerful mages he knew, and just
Timothy Sackton: socket's brain out there
Phil Grayson: it's it's, it's, it's it's it's, it's, it's it's it's it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's it's, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's, it's, it's, it's, it's it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, a
Timothy Sackton: they would burn to the fires,
Timothy Sackton: just like everything
Phil Grayson: I think I might be getting a sense of what might have happened. But would Rufus have any exposure to
Phil Grayson: that sort of thing?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you're all pretty high, level adventurers right like
Timothy Sackton: you've been around the world, you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can met again slightly,
Phil Grayson: I think, when you, when you're a level eight right like you. You must have heard stories,
Riswyn: I mean. Brisbane's been some places, and it's not being familiar, too.
Phil Grayson: So so Hegram might have met one of these tentacled horrors, and maybe that's why he turned.
Phil Grayson: Maybe that's why a great dwarf and hero would do something so foul.
Timothy Sackton: He kind of goes still for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: His eyes are different
Timothy Sackton: when he came back,
Timothy Sackton: and he never once talked about
the bells.
Timothy Sackton: It's like he forgot them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you think there's something else inside him, highlighting his body. Then
Timothy Sackton: I don't know about these things.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you?
Timothy Sackton: He looks around kind of scared.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you come from? What
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing here?
Timothy Sackton: Did Hegrim send you?
Riswyn: We were sent? He turned on the room
Timothy Sackton: we were
Timothy Sackton: writing with Nora, and our lion broke. The trolls got through, and he turned on us
Timothy Sackton: right At the moment
Timothy Sackton: when
Timothy Sackton: when a hero could have turned the tide,
Timothy Sackton: he turned on us
Timothy Sackton: the look.
Timothy Sackton: It was not a dwarf looking out at his eyes.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you? What?
Timothy Sackton: Where did you come?
Timothy Sackton: Where am I,
Phil Grayson: del? Would you like another pint?
Phil Grayson: We're friends,
Timothy Sackton: right There's
Timothy Sackton: there's ale here.
Phil Grayson: Look in your handmade.
Timothy Sackton: It's like shaking looks down
back.
Is this a trick?
Phil Grayson: Best trick I can do? I?
Phil Grayson: I cheers them and and drink from my cup, and
Timothy Sackton: Hagrim didn't send you. Then why are you here?
Phil Grayson: I look to the party, I say,
Phil Grayson: certainly hoping to get a rest in, but I don't think we're gonna do much with this goldfish.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could rest here for the hour at least.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Say from the cave. Maybe.
Riswyn: Yeah, the case should be safe.
Timothy Sackton: You you can rest.
It's
Timothy Sackton: yes
Timothy Sackton: trust,
Timothy Sackton: but they don't.
Timothy Sackton: They don't come here,
Timothy Sackton: I go. Um!
Timothy Sackton: He he knows me.
Timothy Sackton: I think
Timothy Sackton: we were friends once
Timothy Sackton: trolls. Don't come here
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): when he told the stories of the tentacled monsters from the deep,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did he ever tell you how to kill them?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, how um!
Timothy Sackton: He said.
Timothy Sackton: Prior,
Timothy Sackton: and bash their brains in.
Phil Grayson: Well, I can do the second.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how many he killed.
It sounded like
Timothy Sackton: there were armies
Timothy Sackton: in the deep.
Timothy Sackton: Not many came back from those fights.
Timothy Sackton: That's why we fled
Timothy Sackton: wasn't safe
Timothy Sackton: could never have killed them all.
Timothy Sackton: Collapse the tunnels
Timothy Sackton: them down there
Timothy Sackton: bury the long roads,
Timothy Sackton: flee. The kingdom
Timothy Sackton: never wanted to flee,
Timothy Sackton: could have just
Timothy Sackton: fighting,
Timothy Sackton: but after the war he
Timothy Sackton: he is different.
What
Timothy Sackton: he looks down
Timothy Sackton: where it takes a sip of Aazil.
Timothy Sackton: I am tired
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with rest.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead and short rest. Um
Timothy Sackton: uh resident. You can get back. Uh
Riswyn: I was just looking at that,
Riswyn: and I channel divinity
Timothy Sackton: so you can use your channel to be able to get back spell slots.
Riswyn: Why not spend it?
Timothy Sackton: And then you can get.
Timothy Sackton: Then you get back your general divinity on your short rest
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: um
Riswyn: so. But I had already checked off one of the two
Riswyn: in that short
Riswyn: a previous short rest. I had done the use of the Channel divinity to get the
Timothy Sackton: right, so you could do one more.
Riswyn: Uh-huh!
Timothy Sackton: Um. And You can also roll head dice, and that um
Timothy Sackton: ah, what
Timothy Sackton: sure it's one of the magic items you have. Um! Lets you regain five sorcery points on a when you will hit points to it dice during a short rest.
Timothy Sackton: So if you want to use sorcery points to get back spells lots you can
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): get fought. You can restore five sorcery points.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, I do. That's amazing. Thank you.
Phil Grayson: Him. Does my Max Hp. Return,
Phil Grayson: or is that a long rest? You need a long rest.
Phil Grayson: Um,
Phil Grayson: i'd say uh
Phil Grayson: once I want down how you'll take the the
Phil Grayson: the giant. I couldn't I couldn't get close without getting hurt.
Riswyn: When the spiritual weapon, attacked it with radiant damage. It
Riswyn: necropolis
Riswyn: cloud.
Phil Grayson: Well, that would have been lovely. I should have held me action
Phil Grayson: hopefully. The uh,
Phil Grayson: the next ghost we face doesn't have that, or
Phil Grayson: i'm afraid I won't be of much use
Phil Grayson: unless anyone's got the spare magic weapon that I could use
Phil Grayson: just in case.
Riswyn: Oh, should I make his magic his weapon? Do they have any weapons at all?
Phil Grayson: Can you make it magic? If he does
Phil Grayson: my fists, my fists are magic, and then I've got just like like I got a short club or a short sort of some darts. But
Phil Grayson: I mean the problem is you could make one dark magic, but it wouldn't
Timothy Sackton: do much good.
Phil Grayson: Yeah. And the short sort, I guess, would be in the same boat. It would be a close close quarters attack right?
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I have some hand axes. If you want to take one or two of them, they can be thrown.
Phil Grayson: It'll be similar to the dar. Yeah, let's see if I've got
Timothy Sackton: I mean, maybe if you do encounter something else like this, you at least know what to do.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I can hold Now it's scatters.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I mean with
Phil Grayson: there's I guess there's no harm in making one magic, one magic dark
Riswyn: at four, and you would have to you would have to. You lose one Ac. Because right now you're making your armor magic. But you can't do both.
Phil Grayson: Oh, that's not worth it. No,
Phil Grayson: No, you stay strong. I'll try and wait for the darkness to pass.
Phil Grayson: I'm pretty good at passing time,
Riswyn: so i'm using the blessing of the forge on my armor all the time.
Riswyn: Yeah, okay.
Timothy Sackton: The default is just on your armor,
Timothy Sackton: and you can change it.
Timothy Sackton: But you have to give up your armor.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, Actually, you can't really change it, because it's
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: because it's the end of a long rest, so you can only change it at the end of the long rest.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ok. So what's your course of action?
Timothy Sackton: Let's ah take a minute to let you figure out what you're going to do, and then let's take a short break before the climax.
Phil Grayson: So part of me was initially thinking that maybe bringing
Phil Grayson: the that priest along would be helpful
Phil Grayson: like, maybe, if there's any of pilgrim left in there. Then that connection could be made. But
Phil Grayson: I feel like
Phil Grayson: the priest is definitely a liability. Given their current state of like the
Phil Grayson: in and out.
Phil Grayson: Um!
Phil Grayson: I really trying to keep track of the Greece. It would be hard
Phil Grayson: sorry
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I feel like trying to keep track of the priests would be really hard.
Phil Grayson: Yeah,
Phil Grayson: I'm not in the end to it. I just i'm sorry
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): i'm not against it. I'm just a little
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): wary of it.
Phil Grayson: That's that's sort of where I am, too. So maybe we could just
Phil Grayson: try to use some of the stories that they had told.
Phil Grayson: Talk about. Dell, talk about the bells, talk about the
Phil Grayson: the cities that they've talked about. If we get a chance to chat with them. We,
Riswyn: my my main concern is
Riswyn: I was ready to try to persuade like a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): troubled war hero. I'm not really sure how to unpossess somebody of mind playing
Riswyn: if they're going back from that like, do we
to kill him?
Riswyn: I don't know It's kind of like handing down the judgment on behalf of the gods instead of
Phil Grayson: right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, if the mindset is more like a parasite.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have to kill the parasite, and hopefully the host survives long enough. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): maybe there is no host left.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, it's just a parasite at this point.
Timothy Sackton: So one thing that I think you probably at least ris, one would know is that
Timothy Sackton: um, actually probably multiple ones of you right? Is that
Riswyn: okay? So if this guy's a ghost, all the wrist wins.
Timothy Sackton: Father, it is
Timothy Sackton: I love. Where's when?
Timothy Sackton: Um If he's Undead,
Timothy Sackton: then
Timothy Sackton: whatever happened
Timothy Sackton: like there's not a a mindflare. Can't
Timothy Sackton: brain parasite can't possess the undead
Timothy Sackton: right? It like it can take over the body of somebody. It could make them do all sorts of bad things,
Timothy Sackton: but once he's dead
Timothy Sackton: like that's it like If this is like the soul of the Hagram trapped in this land,
Timothy Sackton: there's not.
Timothy Sackton: I I mean it's.
Timothy Sackton: In any case it should. It should be clear like if there's a
Timothy Sackton: there's no way that a parasite can hide in the skull of a ghost. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's going to be some like thing glommed on to the brain of the ghost like possessing It solves all, or there's not.
Phil Grayson: But I I had. I had sort of
Phil Grayson: come to the hypothesis that, like the fact that this claim exists, is is somehow related to the possession and the mind player. But
Phil Grayson: perhaps
Phil Grayson: that's incorrect.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it could be related to that. You don't know All i'm saying is that you
Timothy Sackton: whatever is left of Hagram is either going to be
Timothy Sackton: that so? The way that ghosts and not dead, and all these, like hauntings, exist. Right is like some representation of the soul of the creature that died that
Timothy Sackton: cannot pass on to the land of the dead,
Timothy Sackton: so it can't be. You can't put a ghost, you know you can't possess an Undead
Timothy Sackton: if it's Undead, at least from what you know of mine players, The way they work is by messing with your brain. But if you're a ghost, you don't have.
Timothy Sackton: Now that doesn't mean that there's not some connection to
Timothy Sackton: this dimension.
Timothy Sackton: Just that.
Timothy Sackton: Just that Hagram's ghost is hagram's ghost, or it will obviously not be our group's ghost. When you look at it.
Timothy Sackton: There's no like deception here. Either you'll see a dwarf, or you'll see something that's not a dwarf.
Phil Grayson: What were the options from the gods in terms of
Phil Grayson: the justice that we could bring?
Timothy Sackton: It's up to you.
Timothy Sackton: You either kill them.
Timothy Sackton: Then basically the chalice can like,
you know
Timothy Sackton: you pour the one I don't know It doesn't matter exactly how it works right, but either he's dead, and you
Riswyn: you pour the chalice on his dead body, and his soul is dispersed by the gods to
Timothy Sackton: nowhere,
Timothy Sackton: or you give him the chalice, while the good. Pour the chalice on him while he's alive, and the gods take him back, and he's,
Timothy Sackton: you know he's in their hands
Timothy Sackton: potentially up, presumably on a path to redemption.
Phil Grayson: Okay, so we can sorry. Go ahead so either kill him and challenge him, and then he is like,
Phil Grayson: doomed to hell or for Charleston, while he's alive as a ghost, and then he has a chance to be redeemed in the eyes of the god.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Our
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): get repaid, regardless of how we chat, List him.
Timothy Sackton: Yes,
Timothy Sackton: it's up to you to decide what his fate is.
Phil Grayson: The Ivo. We run in through it on a
Phil Grayson: no conversation at this point. We know it wasn't him for sure.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): It's got the best aim.
Riswyn: You look at jealous. The jealous water balloon.
Phil Grayson: Well, I can do it from the sky. I'll just dump it.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): It probably doesn't work like that.
Phil Grayson: Pretend i'm taking a lead. No, that's
Timothy Sackton: style.
Riswyn: So I mean, we've got to get him alone. We don't want to fight him plus like five
Riswyn: true buddies,
Riswyn: and that'll just go to, you know.
Riswyn: Too dangerous.
And then
Riswyn: but
Phil Grayson: can we?
Phil Grayson: He's alive? I was gonna say, can we tell us multiple people? Because i'd like to get the mad priest at it here? But maybe if he's alive, it's different.
Riswyn: I mean. I've been wondering about cellos, and people can do certain handing out fail, like I could just
Riswyn: give people sips of water from the chalice and have them. Poof!
Phil Grayson: But if they both with the chalice, then we might be
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I. You know where they come to.
Phil Grayson: Yeah,
Phil Grayson: probably better than here,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): probably.
Phil Grayson: But yeah, we wouldn't want you to lose the chalice, if that's sort of the
Phil Grayson: the piece that brings it all together for our redemption.
Phil Grayson: Our
Riswyn: So we got to go to had from first, I think, and then we can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's certainly
Riswyn: drinking party with the recipe cold.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we, you know we play it by ear once we get there, of what we think is left of him,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): oh, it's hard. We
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You hit him until he falls down,
Riswyn: probably, but there is a slight hope that he's still in there, because
Phil Grayson: I mean as what is this guy's real name? If we're not calling a mad priest, so don't
Riswyn: um. I mean, Doug,
Riswyn: that the Trolls don't come there.
Riswyn: Not that they don't know where it is.
Phil Grayson: That's the cave. I think not. The not the statue.
Riswyn: Yeah, but I mean what I'm saying is,
Riswyn: hagrims enough hagrim to not send his trolls to kill his cousin Del,
Riswyn: But just be like, yeah, guys. I know there's a man in the cave over there just chill.
Riswyn: Then maybe there's like a good piece of him in there somewhere Access?
Phil Grayson: Yeah, that's true, I see.
See,
Phil Grayson: so
Phil Grayson: we can get him in a good spot. I feel like, Yeah, I'd be fine giving him some
Phil Grayson: whatever well is awake, and otherwise I think we doubt some. Once he's down the
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Yes, Mhm.
Riswyn: I'm.
Riswyn: Mainly. I'm certain we can get some water into or onto him at some point. The problem is whether we have to find our way through the five trolls that he's hanging out with
Riswyn: in the attempt to do so.
Phil Grayson: I would prefer to. Not after that one draw
Riswyn: Exactly. But what can we do if they, if he is in there surrounded by drools,
Riswyn: go back to plan aerial attack.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, a flutter water balloon.
Phil Grayson: Just hope I don't splash any trolls because I don't want them on the path of the
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Let's take a five minute break.
Riswyn: Hey? We got a plan,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): do we?
Riswyn: I will say about these um embedded little settings that you're doing now in Zoom. They used to put everybody in the little row of faces up along the top, and then
Riswyn: have my zoom window and my
Riswyn: um browser window
Riswyn: overlapping. And now I have to switch back and forth between windows to see people's, spaces, or what's going on in the battle.
Riswyn: I see. Yes, there's not the like thumbnail strip in this view option.
Riswyn: Very cool. It's cool.
Timothy Sackton: I usually just don't.
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: during a battle I I there's too much going on. I don't. I just look at the
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I have two screens, too, so that helps. That makes it easier.
Timothy Sackton: You're trying to cram everything on a tiny little laptop screen.
Timothy Sackton: Appreciate it.
Phil Grayson: This looks like some good Ai work.
Timothy Sackton: This one was almost impossible,
Phil Grayson: was trying to get. I must have gone through like two hundred,
Phil Grayson: because it it really really doesn't want to make
Timothy Sackton: just legs
Timothy Sackton: the statue.
Phil Grayson: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: it either wants to make a a whole statue or like
Timothy Sackton: nothing,
Timothy Sackton: so it guess it was like almost impossible to get it to make the legs of a giant statue.
Timothy Sackton: This is the best I could do
Phil Grayson: uh your two hundred iterations are uh are appreciated.
Riswyn: He's
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you leave delves the mad priests cave
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: head for
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: statue, the ruined, twisted statue in this realm that that mimics
Timothy Sackton: giant statue of the stone-born warrior that sits on the plains of Dunbar. The
Timothy Sackton: it's only a few miles,
Timothy Sackton: four, five, eight, it's hard to tell the exact distance, and there doesn't there's not a clear sense of time passing here. So
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: it it doesn't take.
Timothy Sackton: It takes maybe three hours, but it's hard to
Timothy Sackton: tell in the passage of time how long it takes
uh for you to um
Timothy Sackton: for you to get along the river towards the towards the edge towards the edge of the statue, and as you approach you can see
Timothy Sackton: low clouds hanging that
Timothy Sackton: prevent you from seeing beyond the sort of middle of the torso and around the feet of the statue. There's what looks like a sort of crude fort, with a a doorway sort of leading steps leading down underground into some underground
Timothy Sackton: layer, and also hanging around. You can see this from, you know,
Timothy Sackton: four or five hundred feet away. As you begin to approach
Timothy Sackton: ping around the outside of the statue you can see maybe ten or fifteen
Timothy Sackton: spirits, ghosts of some kind, specters that are sort of flittering around, and well, some of them look just kind of like
Timothy Sackton: undistinguished spirits. Many of them have a strange appearance. You see one that,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: uh one that looks like a
Timothy Sackton: dwarven warrior.
Timothy Sackton: You can see one that looks like
Timothy Sackton: that's sort of vaguely humanoid, but has like hanging off of its arms. It almost look like there's waterfalls pouring down off of its arms. There's one that looks
Timothy Sackton: one like almost looks like a human, a of of some sort carrying a staff, and there's like a vague sort of sense of fire around its head.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: there's one that looks uh
Timothy Sackton: just
Timothy Sackton: colors like swirling liquid almost.
Timothy Sackton: There's one that looks like a
Timothy Sackton: found it.
Timothy Sackton: It almost. It almost looks like it as you gaze into it like there's a tavern in the middle of it, like some massive dwarven city reflected in the in the center of its chest.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to be moving around kind of aimlessly around,
Timothy Sackton: guarding or
Timothy Sackton: drawn to
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to say. The statue.
Phil Grayson: Well, if it is, if it seems like it would be helpful. I'm happy to spend a little more time flying.
Phil Grayson: Um,
Phil Grayson: Do we have a sense that
Phil Grayson: Hagrim is in the fortress like he's not just gonna be wandering about with these spirits as well.
Timothy Sackton: Well, if if what Nora said is true in that he is
and
Timothy Sackton: trapped where
Timothy Sackton: down
Timothy Sackton: the plan of the battle of the battle that you've been hearing about. They were fighting. The doors got caught outside the fortress. They were fighting.
Timothy Sackton: Nora's sparks over, was guarding the flank and
Timothy Sackton: broke, then was attacked by the Hagram. But then, presumably the rest of the dwarfs were treated into the fortress, and that's your Hagram at his end.
Timothy Sackton: If that all is correct, it's presumably stuck in the fortress underground.
Phil Grayson: Okay, Um,
Phil Grayson: yeah. Does it look like it would be useful to fly up and get a sense of where the entrance is with the clouds there, or
Phil Grayson: what's the like? Lay of the land.
Timothy Sackton: There's these, I mean. You're still, maybe five hundred feet away. You can see these spirits floating around B, and there's A. There's like
Timothy Sackton: small like blockhouse type building that has an open door and you and steps going down,
Timothy Sackton: which seems to be, though
Timothy Sackton: the main for the main entrance to the fortification which is underground, the
Phil Grayson: it's okay.
Riswyn: Do we need to avoid the spirits because they're our first obstacle, or they're like that goes to pilgrim's past who are haunting him, and they're not going to bother us, and so we can just go straight.
Riswyn: I hope it's the second one, because I don't really want to buy the battle to get to the battle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay,
Riswyn: so we could just try, because I can't really think of any way to avoid a whole bunch of blind ghosts like ten,
Riswyn: like, even if you get the lay of the land?
Phil Grayson: Yeah. Does anyone have anything that could aid in in stealth a password f trace, or
Phil Grayson: ah,
Phil Grayson: what are the other things that help with that invisibility.
Phil Grayson: Um,
you.
Phil Grayson: You know How about a distraction? How about an explosion or something over by one of the feet away from where we're trying to enter.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Ah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have fly if that would help to get us in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then, incidentally, I also have haste when we get to the battle itself. So here's a battle.
Phil Grayson: I could splash the water around from thirty feet away, but
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): you play with fire if it's around, but I can't make it
Phil Grayson: all right. Well,
Phil Grayson: I could send that fire elemental, but I don't think that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it helps us get closer. Necessarily.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, it might be a waste of something we might need
Phil Grayson: down in like, down in the for itself.
Phil Grayson: Ah,
Phil Grayson: yeah, let's just uh walk out right.
Phil Grayson: Walk straight in
there, You
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you could,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, maybe we could cause a to. Maybe we could get the humans to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cause a diversion
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that seems complicated. It seems like we would need to drag them off a long way. That seems like we would need a third session.
Riswyn: I mean we can. We could try to sneak within thirty feet of from or within the thirty feet of the feet. Slash Pond. Whatever there's like a pond there, right? Is it?
Riswyn: Is it a marsh? No, it's. This is a dry land. Never mind. There's probably no water.
Timothy Sackton: There's There's the river right? Yeah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): how big is the river?
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: I mean It's it's quite shallow. It's more mud than river, but it's like
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: It's maybe thirty feet across and very slow moving,
Timothy Sackton: but it like you've waited across it. It never really gets more than about sixty deep,
Timothy Sackton: but that's still a decent volume of water, right like
Timothy Sackton: thirty feet across by
Timothy Sackton: between four and sixty deep, is pretty substantial.
Timothy Sackton: If you care about volume?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How far is the river from the fortress
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: five hundred feet? I mean, you're at the edge of the river, basically and the fortress is about five hundred feet away from it,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so there's lots I can do with that water, but I don't think I can get it five hundred feet.
Phil Grayson: How many um!
Phil Grayson: How many can you cast? Fly on
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to have a mechanical question about
Phil Grayson: twin spelling fly? So let's say a twin spell fly, but cast it with a fourth-level spell slot, which doesn't work.
Timothy Sackton: You can't twin something that targets more than one person, so you can twin a third-level spot
Timothy Sackton: You can get a bunch of cats there, but you only get two, either one,
you
two,
Riswyn: yourself from one other.
Phil Grayson: So if there were three of us flying me with my boots and two of you. Could we carry a third like a
Phil Grayson: all of us hands in the middle, and
Phil Grayson: the way we go down the whole
Riswyn: I mean the ghosts can fly too.
Riswyn: Oh, we just end up with an airborne battle where we're not being.
Phil Grayson: I love it. Let's do it
Phil Grayson: where one person is falling without slow fall.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): What could go wrong?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe we can negotiate with the ghosts
Phil Grayson: negotiate. I don't think so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did you sign the ghost cheek.
Phil Grayson: I
Riswyn: all right. I've been,
Phil Grayson: although I am curious about the one who seems to be sweating a lot, and I pointed the one that's got waterfall arms.
Phil Grayson: I have that problem. If I ever have to do public speaking
Riswyn: all right,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but the one whose arms are a waterfall, What's that mean?
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: they're just like most of these spirits. Don't look like sort of normal humanoids.
Timothy Sackton: They all have the sort of weird
Timothy Sackton: strangeness to them right. There's one that So there's one that looks like It's not actual water, right? It's like spirit. It's like It's wearing a like a shroud that has
Timothy Sackton: huge arms that dripped out almost to the floor, but they look like water falling down.
Phil Grayson: Maybe this goes
Phil Grayson: companions or friends that have died in battle, that he or a Grex, not saving, perhaps, that one drowned. Perhaps the other one got burned.
Riswyn: That's sort of what I was thinking if they were people who are hunting him, so Maybe they won't bother us. Of course, if they do bother us,
Riswyn: then we'll treat them like ghosts,
I
Phil Grayson: onward and downward. I suppose.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So you're just gonna walk forward,
Timothy Sackton: heading to the hole.
Yes,
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: Here's going first.
Riswyn: Me?
Riswyn: Okay.
Phil Grayson: I will. I'll hover up thirty feet or so above everyone and
Phil Grayson: sort of try to see if the ghosts are converging, so I can give some warning.
Timothy Sackton: So as you begin to walk, yeah, you get to maybe one hundred feet away, maybe fifty feet away.
Timothy Sackton: The and the the spirits begin to sort of cluster towards you, and and you
Timothy Sackton: at least at the moment they're not like making any kind. They're not like attacking,
Timothy Sackton: but they're definitely clustering and sort of heading in your direction.
Phil Grayson: They are coming,
Riswyn: but we're not surprised.
Phil Grayson: No, no, let's see them.
Timothy Sackton: You had so many chances to not be surprised by that troll. So many bad perception roles
Riswyn: it. Doesn't help when there's only a one on the dance.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, what you can do
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): so bad.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so there's maybe twelve of these spirits now. You've now seen, like all of the ones that were like. They were spread out before, but now all twelve of them are sort of gathered, and are beginning to sort of cluster towards this one.
Phil Grayson: Sure,
Riswyn: How far from me, are they?
Timothy Sackton: It's like
Timothy Sackton: forty feet and closing fast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll come up to stem next to Rizwyn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, let's stop walking
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and just raise a hand in greeting, and i'll say we seek passage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Don't blame
Timothy Sackton: keep approaching.
Timothy Sackton: They don't seem to respond to your
Timothy Sackton: but as now as you're close to them, you can see, like
Timothy Sackton: some of them, like the one that from a distance look like kind of swirling one. Or you can see this is like it's actually like almost
by you
Timothy Sackton: shifting form quickly. Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah, between sort of
Timothy Sackton: you know different Um!
Timothy Sackton: It's it's like flickering so that it's hard to see what anyone images, but it but it seems to be kind of different um perspectives, like looking out across a sort of open land from a high point, just kind of like clouds rolling past that kind of
Timothy Sackton: flickering fishing, and there's another one. You almost hear the sound of the
Timothy Sackton: ghostly bowels from it.
Timothy Sackton: There's another as you get closer that
Timothy Sackton: it almost looks
Timothy Sackton: as if it's like a swirling
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: Like pouring beer out of a out of a keg like into a mug. Right. This like
Timothy Sackton: foam kind of billowing around it like the
Timothy Sackton: the head on a beer, and it's sort of shifting colors a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: They are continuing to close in on you
Phil Grayson: pointed this. I pointed the beer one, and I say, leave that one for me. If we go, let's take a moment.
Riswyn: The ghost of the ghosts of Dwarves dumb's past.
Phil Grayson: Yeah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this and show the the challenge
Riswyn: All right. I'm. Sure them the jealous
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: just like holding it up.
Riswyn: I'm not particularly going to speak any sort of active prayer at them,
Riswyn: if that's what you're wondering.
Riswyn: Yes,
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: doesn't
Timothy Sackton: seem to
Timothy Sackton: do anything. It doesn't really appear like they can speak exactly
Timothy Sackton: like None of them that you've seen have like mouths that
Timothy Sackton: like form words as far as you can tell,
Timothy Sackton: but they're definitely now, like
Timothy Sackton: they're going to surround the two of you in, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Fifteen seconds or something like that.
Phil Grayson: I don't know. Where Where are you?
Timothy Sackton: Here
Timothy Sackton: uh fifty feet from the door.
Timothy Sackton: They're in between you and the door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's take this moment to cast Major. I'm around myself.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Riswyn: I'm going to take this moment to decide that they think that they are between us and where we want to go, and that's how things are. So I think we've given them every chance to back off.
Riswyn: So now I am going to pray
Riswyn: if that's allowed
Riswyn: that rolling initiative or anything
Timothy Sackton: that's loud.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Phil Grayson: Did they have the same necrotic aura around them. No, Oh, thank goodness, it's a ghost! I can budge
Phil Grayson: i'll! I'll yell down from the sky. Looks like they're about to have you surrounded. Perhaps just make a run for it.
Phil Grayson: We check the door, and I start
Phil Grayson: all right. So they they close in. Rizman begins to speak. What is your,
so I can just check.
Riswyn: So I assume you're using a channel today. In a year I am channeling divinity to pray. Nice, loud prayer as we run through the door, so let's see one
Timothy Sackton: um, Seven of the twelve just
Timothy Sackton: crumble away into nothing.
Phil Grayson: Is the beer one gone?
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: the the five that remain are the beer. One
Phil Grayson: all right, my two favorite beer in this twenty one that looks like a sort of Bourbon warrior,
Timothy Sackton: one that one that's from which you can hear the faint sound of bells.
Timothy Sackton: Then one that
Timothy Sackton: Ah, but it almost It's like shifting between two dwarves like back and forth like a man and a woman sort of flickering form, uncertain, but it doesn't seem to have weapons or anything.
Phil Grayson: Um! Does the dwarf and warrior look like it could be
Phil Grayson: hagrim from what we've heard.
Phil Grayson: Um, no, it's.
Timothy Sackton: This one has like two short swords that light armor have been with heavy armor.
Phil Grayson: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: battle axe.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, they are going to
Timothy Sackton: close in on you and wait. Who's flying? Roth West is the only one flying right?
Phil Grayson: Yeah, and i'm like dive bomb in the door on a forty, five-degree angle. Basically.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? Ah,
Timothy Sackton: they are now. So you're just kind of the rest of you are running past them. So they've now closed in on you. You're sort of in Bailey.
Riswyn: You're welcome to. Just try and run through them. They will get you the opportunity attacks if they
Riswyn: Okay, So
Timothy Sackton: So
Riswyn: is this over with
Timothy Sackton: two of them are gonna swing at rizwin.
Timothy Sackton: Um! One of them hits
Riswyn: Whoa! Twenty-three It's very hard to hit everyone.
Timothy Sackton: You take twelve points of the
Timothy Sackton: the chronic damage, and you have to make any constitution saving. So you,
Riswyn: Your maximum, is also reduced by twelve.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): You know
Timothy Sackton: two of them swing at
Timothy Sackton: roar.
Timothy Sackton: That's a twenty one and thirteen,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): twenty. One hits thirteen is not
Timothy Sackton: okay. You take
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fourteen points of necrotic damage, and you must also have to make a constitution saving.
Timothy Sackton: But you're fine.
Timothy Sackton: The last one swing at Marish. That's a twelve that misses,
Timothy Sackton: but they do not seem to enter the
Timothy Sackton: they don't, they don't enter the room as you the door as you run in you
Timothy Sackton: they don't follow you
Timothy Sackton: the entry way here. This likes small room that you've entered into has a
Timothy Sackton: back.
Timothy Sackton: It's only maybe a fifteen by fifteen foot room. Nothing in it except
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: stairs going down.
Timothy Sackton: We are at least for the moment, safe from the ghosts
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and use my healing portion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome
Phil Grayson: Told you we should have been flying. I got through a problem. It was lovely. It
Riswyn: Glad that worked.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
what are you going to do?
Riswyn: There's nothing to observe in this space other than the stairs down.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: I mean. It seems pretty empty. Everything is kind of crumbling a little bit,
Timothy Sackton: you know, crudely built and kind of falling apart.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: yeah, there's nothing else to observe.
Riswyn: Hey? Loss
Riswyn: How beat up, are you, Marish?
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I'm. Actually, i'm seventy, five out of eighty, four. So i'm doing. Okay,
Eight.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): He'll then.
Yeah,
Riswyn: my new Max hit points of not very high.
Riswyn: Yeah, I'm doing it. Okay. I have a portion of healing. If that will be helpful. I know how to reverse the Max hit points thing.
Riswyn: Yeah, it's gonna take a long rest. That's the only way to do it. Yeah, that's what I thought.
Riswyn: So let's just go down the stairs.
Riswyn: But maybe I won't go first.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I can go first. It's that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay.
Phil Grayson: But before we head down the stairs I take out a swirling red potion from my kit, and I pour it into my ale, and my ale starts bubbling, and I go
Phil Grayson: Well, I've been waiting a long time to try this out. It's done back, and I just chug this beer, and I grow
Phil Grayson: at full size. I have been enlarged
Phil Grayson: for one to four hours.
Phil Grayson: Four hours of big office. Get ready for it.
Phil Grayson: Well, it feels great
Riswyn: as long as you still fit down the stairs.
Phil Grayson: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So who's going down first?
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I will.
Okay, Um,
Timothy Sackton: You head down the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: Make a dexterity saving to me.
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: ah! And despite the fact that the um, the stairs begin to sort of give way and crumble beneath you. You manage to stay on your feet,
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and just like, catch yourself slightly, and like a bunch of pebbles and rocks go rolling down,
Timothy Sackton: and you continue down.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Are the they are still intact behind me.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: So it looks like there was just like loose rock that you knocked off. Anybody else can still go down.
Timothy Sackton: Now that the loose rock has been like
Timothy Sackton: has rolled away. It's much less dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: It's like a piece of the stair broke basically that when you stepped on it,
Timothy Sackton: and you kind of dodged out of the way. But
Timothy Sackton: the like poking around a little, the rest looks pretty more sturdy.
Timothy Sackton: So the rest of you follow down the stairs.
Riswyn: Uh-huh.
Phil Grayson: Um. You come out. Yeah, i'll be hovering You
Timothy Sackton: just okay.
Timothy Sackton: You come out into a chamber
Timothy Sackton: filled with bones
Timothy Sackton: like maybe
Timothy Sackton: I don't know the the bones of like forty dwarfs
Timothy Sackton: at the far end of the chamber. This chamber is maybe
Timothy Sackton: forty feet long, about fifteen feet wide.
Phil Grayson: Um! The ceiling is only about six feet here, so big office is like hunched over slightly to stay within the size i'm supermanning when necessary.
Phil Grayson: At the far end of this hall of Bones there is a a large
Timothy Sackton: what looks like sealed shot, stone door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are there any cracks
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): around the edges?
Timothy Sackton: Um! Ah,
Timothy Sackton: yes, so it's so. It's has like hinges, and it looks like it could could swing
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: in, based on the way the hinges are, but it's like like rocks, and rubble and stuff have been stuffed around the bottom like you can even see like sticking out from the
Timothy Sackton: the bottom of the of the door itself is like
Timothy Sackton: rocks that have been wedged in and stuff. So if you try and push on it. You're pushing against the rubble
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sealed from the inside.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dig into my pack and pull out a vial that's filled with sort of swirling smoke. And I said,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've got a portion of gaseous forum. I could
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): take this and slip to the other side of the door. One of you could
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): undo the wedges and open it for us. The
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): another hemp.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe there's something in there.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I'm not wild about colleagues about anyone going through a door
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): that
Riswyn: they can't do we necessarily access
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): the rest of the party?
Phil Grayson: Aye,
Riswyn: I mean, do we have
Riswyn: enough strength to just force it?
Riswyn: Yeah,
Riswyn: sturdy, dwarven warriors plus ah plus giant. This:
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I've got the vantage on strength checks. But i'm not very strong to begin with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Got some strength. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: Who's going to? Who's going to attempt
Phil Grayson: You're only big ones.
Phil Grayson: Ah,
Phil Grayson: yeah, i'll. I'll try it out.
Phil Grayson: Okay. So there's one, and there's the other seventeen. Okay. So you you go and you like pound on the door. That's like
Timothy Sackton: hunched over six and a half foot tall,
Timothy Sackton: brothless, and it like really shutters in it, and it shakes a little bit, but it
Timothy Sackton: doesn't like budges, but doesn't open, and and what Sorry? Well, Roth is like getting prepared to like pound on the door. Is anybody else doing anything? Are you just kind of standing around watching him, are you?
Riswyn: I give you a good natured hearing. On
Phil Grayson: looking through, looking through my pack to see if there's anything
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's gonna be helpful.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make your perception check.
Timothy Sackton: Nope,
Timothy Sackton: Hey, You guys are cursed.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Can anyone else hear anything?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I try to hear something.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I would like to see something
Timothy Sackton: sure.
Timothy Sackton: No, you don't share anything.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: you marriage. You're sort of standing around. You don't. You don't hear anything, but
Timothy Sackton: you do see like as the as like Roth's pounds on the door.
Timothy Sackton: You think you see one of the phones move
Timothy Sackton: like just begin like a skeletal hand sort of start to crawl a little bit along the floor.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Definitely not a vibration from the door being pounded on, but like in
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): a an independent movement
Timothy Sackton: what it seems like.
Riswyn: Well, maybe perhaps the person on the other side of the door doesn't want to be around the creepy in
Riswyn: phones
Riswyn: there.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Maybe the phones are
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): an issue.
Timothy Sackton: Um office. What's your? I see
Phil Grayson: seventeen
Timothy Sackton: as you're sort of watching here, and as you go to like, make another like just after you've pounded like suddenly this, like
Timothy Sackton: massive bones, kind of leaps up onto you and you, like,
Timothy Sackton: dodge out of the way, and they like, clad over the ground beneath the next to the
Timothy Sackton: next to the door
Timothy Sackton: and just stop
Phil Grayson: You'll sell that right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't normally. Do that.
Riswyn: Hmm. Attack bones.
Timothy Sackton: You want to attack the bones. Okay?
Phil Grayson: No, no, no, no. They are attacked.
Timothy Sackton: The door is still shot.
Riswyn: Um,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm ready to take the potion and see what's over there rather than getting attacked by Bones
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Other ideas, though
Riswyn: I mean I have a potion of hill giant strength. I could try to be even stronger than Roth. This
Riswyn: that makes you very strong, and it lasts for an hour.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's probably worth it, for whatever is coming.
Riswyn: Let's do that.
Timothy Sackton: I got it.
Riswyn: Gosh! I have two
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: I think
Timothy Sackton: you reload your character. She it should have fixed your strength,
Riswyn: reload my character. She
Timothy Sackton: just reload the page.
Riswyn: Yes, it says twenty one
Timothy Sackton: you get. So you're going to
Riswyn: like pound or less strength. Yes,
Riswyn: we're going to. We roll our strength fitting through. Is that how you do it. Ah,
Timothy Sackton: no, it's well, it's strength check. But yeah, it's the same thing for you.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: uh I would say
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: if you're if you're gonna. If you're gonna hit it with shatterstorm, you can roll with advantage because chatter storm. Lake lifts. You
Timothy Sackton: destroy things easily, but it'll be very loud.
Riswyn: Well, we're kind of desperate as everybody else just yeah over their ears.
Phil Grayson: I was gonna say that that bones probably can't hear, but I think there might be some real little ones in there. So
Phil Grayson: not so sure.
Timothy Sackton: So you're using shadow storm. So you're rolling with advantage. Okay,
Riswyn: maybe you shadow, sir.
Riswyn: So roll another strength check. So
Riswyn: a little bit less bad
Timothy Sackton: shakes again.
Timothy Sackton: The door now rattling,
Timothy Sackton: but it doesn't break open
Riswyn: even with shatterstorm.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can keep trying,
Riswyn: don't you think it should have a cumulative effect?
Phil Grayson: Yeah, go ahead.
Riswyn: What What else are we doing?
Phil Grayson: What did the bones do when
Phil Grayson: when at the moment nothing.
Phil Grayson: So they just don't like it, being knocked on loudly.
Phil Grayson: They like it being beat upon entirely. Sure,
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: there are. Does seem to be a little bit more movement around
Riswyn: so too much banging on the door can make the bone problem Worse
Riswyn: is a conjecture
Riswyn: what we're discussing.
Timothy Sackton: It's possible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Don't, worry. Just staying in this room Makes the bone rubble horse
Riswyn: right? Maybe I should try one more bash with shatterstorm.
Riswyn: Do anything.
Riswyn: There's a lot of wrong going on.
Riswyn: It's a
Riswyn: it's that
Timothy Sackton: price with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Uh as you hit it again the second time
Timothy Sackton: you hear a crack,
Timothy Sackton: and the door swings,
Timothy Sackton: the rubble is pushed away, and the door begins to swing open at the same time. This, like like about six skeletal arms reach up and grab you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: You have to make a strength saving throw
Timothy Sackton: not with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: You take eight points of necrotic damage, and they begin pulling rizwin down into the stone pile.
Timothy Sackton: You are restrained.
Timothy Sackton: You are being pulled down. In the meantime the door swings open the
Timothy Sackton: and you see um
Timothy Sackton: Well, Rizwin is restrained. We'll come back from that.
Timothy Sackton: A
Timothy Sackton: what looks like a sort of crudely made, badly imagined throne wrong.
Timothy Sackton: There is a throne carved of sorts out of stone, but it's slanted, and it's broken, and nobody could actually sit on it.
Timothy Sackton: There's a bunch of skulls that are propped up
Timothy Sackton: almost um
ah
Timothy Sackton: like at,
Timothy Sackton: you know, as if this were like a court or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: But of course they're just like bones scattered around It's like like they're but they're arranged like, so they're like skeleton, sitting and looking at the prone as as if it's an audience
Timothy Sackton: floating slightly above the throne, you can see
Timothy Sackton: what looks like the ghost of a dwarf.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: He's like leaning
Timothy Sackton: ah, leaning
Timothy Sackton: sort of on his arm and looking at the
Timothy Sackton: looking next to him at
Oops, where it's
Timothy Sackton: what appeared to be his like to the
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: commanders or something.
Timothy Sackton: He's, he's looking looking sort of angry, and as you, as the skulls are pulling rizwin down,
Timothy Sackton: see
Timothy Sackton: burns this ghost turns, and he floats up into the air slightly
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: looks at you as this door bursts open. The
Timothy Sackton: he says, in a kind of screeching voice,
Timothy Sackton: who dares disturb me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm really sorry for the time I have to step up for just a to deal with the kid thing. But i'll be back shortly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): if combat starts, the first thing I want to do is to spell haste on the tube fighter,
Timothy Sackton: I guess. Got it
floor.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Riswyn: if i'm in danger of being buried. Somebody should like grab the me.
Timothy Sackton: Another strength, save
Timothy Sackton: you know you're continuing to be pulled under,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I told her, is when I
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yep, you take
Timothy Sackton: risen. You take another three points of necrotic damage,
Timothy Sackton: and um!
Timothy Sackton: That goes kind of laughs
Timothy Sackton: as you turn, make a strength check.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): We are wisdom. Sorry
Timothy Sackton: you you if you're trying to pull her out.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Yeah, I would like to try to pull her out.
Phil Grayson: Okay, yeah, you pull her out.
Riswyn: I'm going to pull some dragon out of the boats. They sort of clatter to the ground, kind of still
Timothy Sackton: swarming around a little bit. Not completely still, but you yank Rizman into the room.
Timothy Sackton: So here, let's put.
Can I stamp on them like their cockroaches as we go?
Riswyn: Yes, this is like a little bit too much, he
Timothy Sackton: So why does anybody respond to
Timothy Sackton: that? I'm missing? For
Riswyn: well, since my arm is free,
Riswyn: I
Riswyn: think that um,
Riswyn: I will say
Riswyn: something dramatic along the lines of
Riswyn: Oh, what's the name? All growth
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): program?
Yeah.
Riswyn: Do we know his last? His family name? Firebrand,
Riswyn: Pilgrim, Firebrand, The Parisel are summoning you
Riswyn: pulled up the jealous.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay, actually, let's Let's roll initiative to
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): It's really terrifying
Phil Grayson: trip over my own two big feet. Haven't. Been this large before.
Phil Grayson: Thank my aunt, the Dora coming in.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: okay, sorry. Hold on, I get it.
Get this.
Why isn't this working?
Timothy Sackton: Okay, there we go.
Phil Grayson: Who would benefit most from haste of the three of us. Which to do you think
Phil Grayson: it gives um
Phil Grayson: nice nice bonuses for speed and ac
Phil Grayson: advantage on decks, saves, and extra action,
Timothy Sackton: I think I think probably um.
Timothy Sackton: That's a good question
Timothy Sackton: definitely,
Timothy Sackton: Marsh,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): because that that could give me three attacks per turn, and then also a fourth when I take
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): uh my action surge.
Phil Grayson: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: uh, let me roll initiative first floor
Timothy Sackton: ten.
Phil Grayson: Do you think, Kate, do you think riz one would want it.
Phil Grayson: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: use it because you could cast a spell and make a weapon
Timothy Sackton: with your extra string.
Phil Grayson: On the other hand, Well, then, you could do the spell as the haste action, and do two attacks with.
Phil Grayson: She doesn't get to attack,
Timothy Sackton: and you can't cast a spell with with your haste. Action, anyway. But you could cast a spell with your normal action, and then you,
Riswyn: I think, the main plate attack with her
Riswyn: shatter storm as far as damage is concerned past the Giz when it's probably better, but
Phil Grayson: it gives you a bit more survivability because it gives you the plus the Ac. And resolution already has a really high Ac:
Phil Grayson: Well, I don't know. I'm like i'm big. So I've got some some new fun thing if i'm big and fast, That's wild.
Riswyn: Okay? Well at the moment, as Pilgrim gets up and shouts because of his two advisors,
Phil Grayson: i'm down as well from from a previous ghost at the beginning.
Riswyn: Right five forward,
Timothy Sackton: and
Riswyn: it's very good.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there goes. Actually, this one's gonna hang back here, and it's going to
Timothy Sackton: It's going to point at one of the bones
Timothy Sackton: and mud, or something,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: another spirit rises from the bones.
Timothy Sackton: This one is going to come forward, and it's going to reach out to try and touch.
Timothy Sackton: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Timothy Sackton: uh which is a twenty-five to head
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): yeah that is that that is
Timothy Sackton: ninety twenty two points of necronic damage and you have to make a Constitution saving throw.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh, no,
bye.
Riswyn: Okay. So that's you. Just take the twenty two points of damage
Timothy Sackton: floating back here,
Timothy Sackton: and he just speaks. He says he takes out his battle axe, and he hangs there, and he says,
Timothy Sackton: Go back to where you came.
Timothy Sackton: I do not
Timothy Sackton: want you here.
Timothy Sackton: Do not need you here
Timothy Sackton: you have done nothing but disturb your
Timothy Sackton: my domain.
Timothy Sackton: I had freed myself of these cursed memories
Timothy Sackton: until you entered,
Timothy Sackton: and now you will pay.
Timothy Sackton: There is nothing for you here.
Timothy Sackton: And what do you want to do
Riswyn: as it actually
Riswyn: it's my turn in the initiative, as in What do I want to do?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yes,
Riswyn: um!
Riswyn: Who?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Uh-huh! How's it going? Sorry about that?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Riswyn: no problem. Did we settle on we hasted Phil? I mean
Phil Grayson: I'm totally up to you guys
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I that we haven't pasted anyone yet.
Riswyn: I don't know if it's it's not for his turn yet,
Riswyn: because it's not yet
Riswyn: hasn't gone, so we couldn't paste it our point. He didn't miss anything.
Phil Grayson: You didn't miss anything.
Phil Grayson: Can't you? A mirage got touched by a ghost, And it was not nice.
It's it
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): it was not good, it was bad.
Riswyn: It's really good,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and so far Hagrim has has just
Timothy Sackton: been like, Why are you here?
Timothy Sackton: Everything was fine until you came here. Now I have all these. You made me remember all these horrible things.
Riswyn: Mm-hmm?
Riswyn: Um!
Riswyn: Where is it ready?
Riswyn: Can I put like a wall of fire around us.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): that sounds awesome,
Riswyn: because they don't like fire is what I've heard. What is that,
Riswyn: anyway? That was mine flares, but maybe it applies to ghosts,
Riswyn: and I don't know if ghosts can walk through a wall of fire. Then we're sort of in trouble.
Riswyn: Um,
Riswyn: if I just put it right where this one guy is.
Riswyn: That's what I'm doing
Riswyn: right where that guy is.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Riswyn: So we need to do. Malay attacks to it should not cut up our access to people.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): My main form of causing damage is melee.
Riswyn: Yeah. So
Riswyn: maybe you all don't want to be just walled off from being able to fight,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): not very useful in any other regard
Phil Grayson: we could. We could fight some things first and something second, if the wall was fully blocking.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Riswyn: So I can guess that strategy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, wow,
Timothy Sackton: I'm making the wall right now. But
Phil Grayson: i'll be making the wall right now.
Riswyn: I can get right of it. I just. I don't want us to like get hit by any more things, and a nice wall seems like a lovely thing.
Timothy Sackton: You can stick the wall right right there and force this one to take damage.
Riswyn: Mm-hmm I guess. Sure that's how long would the wall last for
Timothy Sackton: a minute or ten minutes? I don't know
Timothy Sackton: a while
Riswyn: a while a good long while. Okay,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): can you? You can like, Drop the wall at command, though, Or is it just the
Phil Grayson: yeah, even on someone else's turn.
Riswyn: Okay,
Phil Grayson: Tim, The beast ghosts look punchable, or do they have the auras? They do not have shadow.
Phil Grayson: Okay, sweet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you put the wall in this got in this one space, so it has to make a save.
Riswyn: Yeah, when the wall appears,
Riswyn: and that is a deck, save
Timothy Sackton: which it is not good at
Timothy Sackton: It's not terrible that,
Timothy Sackton: but that's a ten. So it fails.
Timothy Sackton: So that's sixteen points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: okay, So that ends your turn. Marish, You're up.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay. Um.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): So I am just going to Mall of the Forge at the one closest me,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): and
Timothy Sackton: that hits.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): okay, uh,
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): And then i'm going to Mall before to it again.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh, no,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): uh! Can I
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): spend a luck point to
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): It's immediately after you rule A. D twenty. Oh, but that's one for a d like. Yes,
Timothy Sackton: can I? That That counts? Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: that's any time. Okay, twenty. Let me send a left point and we roll that one.
Timothy Sackton: Yup! Go for it.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): It's originally better. Fifteen hits. Yep.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh, it's It's it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So as marriage slams into this ghost twice with her Mall. It looks.
Timothy Sackton: It's definitely Looks her right. It's taking some damage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, are you doing anything else?
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Ah, no, I think i'm just gonna
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): gotten down the hatches here, and hopefully be there for round two. But it still survives. Okay, it's throwing you up
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right. I am going to um
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): twin spell haste,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right. So who
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): on?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this one? And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh, Marsh.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you're on both hasted
Timothy Sackton: that. Answer your turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yup,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's all the various.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Here's our
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's A.
Timothy Sackton: You're up
Timothy Sackton: Giant Rappers
Phil Grayson: Giant Ross. That's all right.
Phil Grayson: Well, I see a ghost without the aura. I punch a ghost without the order. Here we go
Phil Grayson: unarmed. Strike
Phil Grayson: fourteen. That that hats all right.
Phil Grayson: How's it? Look when I punch them?
Phil Grayson: Yeah, he looks like an extra d four
Phil Grayson: big raw fist come down from the heavens,
Phil Grayson: and I will do.
Phil Grayson: The flurry of blows. To do two more is Oh, no! I actually get more attacks. Let's go
Phil Grayson: regular turns out an attack bad with the big, rough fist on top of that, and then i'll do. How's it doing It's still.
Phil Grayson: I'll do a flurry of blows.
Phil Grayson: So there is one,
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Phil Grayson: and
Phil Grayson: there's the other.
Phil Grayson: Those have to be rough fists on them, too.
Timothy Sackton: So that's ten.
Phil Grayson: How much for those last two together? Ten, twenty five.
Phil Grayson: Oh, worry! The flurry of this! This thing just kind of fades away under the like massive
Timothy Sackton: onslaught of the giant fists!
Phil Grayson: All right. I because I did, Flurry and i'm a drunken brawler. I can move ten feet away.
Phil Grayson: Um, with a disengaged free, and I will do that to I think. Go up toward the firewall. Is this safe on this side?
Phil Grayson: Yeah. So i'll move up a bit. There
Phil Grayson: it's all the way to the ceiling.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, all the way to the ceiling.
Phil Grayson: Ok, I will spend my other forty feet of movement to get
Phil Grayson: maybe twenty feet off the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: The swarm of limbs
Timothy Sackton: moves forward,
Timothy Sackton: attempting to engulf again the
Timothy Sackton: for this one.
Timothy Sackton: That is a
Timothy Sackton: so it does not grab you.
Timothy Sackton: It was this: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Um, Can you hear me?
Riswyn: You've got that for a sec. But yeah, okay,
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why you got all the quiet suddenly, but
Timothy Sackton: so that ends the swarm of Zombie's turn. This one is Dad. This one
Timothy Sackton: moves away from the fire
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: points to some bones and summons another specter. This one drops underground, or just goes one, two, three, four, five, six
Timothy Sackton: through the wall,
Timothy Sackton: and then dashes one, two,
Timothy Sackton: but that uses its turn.
Sorry it dropped under the ground, and then just popped up on the other side of the fire.
Timothy Sackton: They went into the wall around the wall and came out on the other side of the wall of fire.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Cool,
Riswyn: great
Phil Grayson: ghosts man. Um! Tagram lifts his axe and holds it up,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: But he does you. You do hear him yelling through the
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you know, through the uh.
Oh, it's it Here
Timothy Sackton: you do Here, I'm yelling through the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Go!
Timothy Sackton: I am through with you.
She was in a few years,
Timothy Sackton: but you can't see anything that's happening behind the wrong,
Timothy Sackton: so resident is up,
Riswyn: hurried
Riswyn: Um,
Riswyn: I will,
Riswyn: so I can now cast a spell, and then,
Riswyn: as an action. Also
Riswyn: do my hammer thing.
Riswyn: I'm going to cast
Riswyn: um. There's your next
Riswyn: he's
Riswyn: going to cast spiritual weapon
Riswyn: for it
Riswyn: by this square, right here near the in between the bones thing and the
Riswyn: lightning ghost.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Riswyn: but it doesn't do anything the first time around.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it does.
Riswyn: So I can direct it at the
Riswyn: bone. The bones thing because it's within a range of criticism. Right? All right. So that it's gonna roll it. It's thing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yep, that
Timothy Sackton: that hits well, whichever one hits the
Riswyn: whichever one
Riswyn: you roll it twice. Um, I don't Thank you.
Riswyn: So nine points of damage,
Riswyn: all right. That's a bonus action. So you can now attack twice if you'd like to.
Riswyn: Oh, okay,
Riswyn: Um,
Riswyn: yeah. I'm going to attack it with
Riswyn: just my uh shutter
Oops
Riswyn: Dorm attack
Timothy Sackton: my heads,
Timothy Sackton: which you're attacking this this thing here,
Riswyn: the bonesy thing that keeps trying to kill me.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay, Um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So the bones like crash and crunch under your hammer,
Timothy Sackton: hammer, blow like shattering, and like you smashed like more than half of it, like
Timothy Sackton: with one solid blow.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Riswyn: And I can do that again, or is my turn to?
Riswyn: Yeah, you can do it again, right?
Riswyn: The hats. Yeah, I know
Riswyn: just having to go back and forth between screens.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and that blow with your hammer like pulverizes the
Timothy Sackton: skeletons into dust.
Timothy Sackton: And that ends your turn unless you want to move.
Riswyn: Where is your next?
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): So can I move into what the spiritual weapon currently is, or I have to avoid it.
Riswyn: You can do it for us.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay, i'm going to move closer to um the
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): scary purple, glowing dose and swing at it with my mall of the forge.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that it's
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): that hits okay.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Ok. And then i'm going to swing. Oh,
I don't know.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): And then i'm going to swing at
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): the Purple Ghost again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: definitely.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): It also gives you inspiration. But you already have inspiration seat,
Timothy Sackton: pick somebody else to get inspiration.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh, remember the natural twenties give you inspiration.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Can I give inspiration to twenty-foot rafists?
Timothy Sackton: Yes,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): A
Phil Grayson: Thanks. And then i'm going to roll.
I'm going to roll
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): create damage on that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, That kills it for sure.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Ok, Then i'm going to take my piece, and i'm going to throw my mall of the forge at
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): this point. You've already used that today that's one today ability.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh, is it not West for your breast.
Timothy Sackton: No, it's once per day
Timothy Sackton: doesn't recharge on the
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh, she
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh, I didn't mean to all that. I thought it retired transfer at rest. That was my bad
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay, Then I instead, I'm going to throw
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): my hand axes at. Uh
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh, no, it does it. You're right. It is shorter long rest.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): It is your at rest.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Okay,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay, great. Um. I'm going to throw it at
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): this point,
Timothy Sackton: except it's a point you can see, and you cannot see?
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): That's tricky. You're right. Okay. And there's no way around the wall, if you
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh, what if I cast? What if I used iron fist? That's only a limb, right?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah, that's only a limb.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: you can always.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, It's only a limb
Phil Grayson: you could. You could call out to riz when to drop the wall, and if they want to they could drop it mid-turn for you,
Timothy Sackton: you could drop the wall.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Is that allowable midterm
Timothy Sackton: Never any time you want it, and and concentration
Riswyn: as we've established that they can all just flute right around it, anyway, because they're all.
Riswyn: Would you be comfortable dropping this lane wall
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): for this.
Riswyn: Yes, I would.
Riswyn: We're going to have to, anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Plane wall is gone.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I really hope this works
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay. So for all of the forge when I grow it.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): A.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Everyone in a twenty-foot radius needs to make a Dc. Fifteen deck saving throw. And if I throw it here, it should hit any of them.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah,
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): So for a
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Dc. Fifteen decks save It's sixty, six on a failed, save or half on it. Successful
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): of fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I don't think you can get both. It's a fifteen-foot radius
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): twenty-five. It's a twenty-foot radius. Okay, you're good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Well, your damage
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): So I don't know which ones
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): it saves or not, but it's a
Timothy Sackton: yup. It's nineteen. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Got it
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): nineteen on a failed or half on a
Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Uh: okay, So that's
Timothy Sackton: Ok. So this burst of flame explodes
Timothy Sackton: this purple ghost looks badly hurt. Hager, I just kind of laughed slightly at you
Timothy Sackton: and the ghost. This ghost doesn't seem that too too damaged.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, that ends your turn.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Can I use my bonus section to pull them all back?
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): That's all.
Yeah, okay. You can do that?
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay, Then that's it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay for You're up
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right. I am going to move in the Fourth Level lightning both. These two
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: or deck saves
Timothy Sackton: that's uh
Timothy Sackton: twenty-two and a
Timothy Sackton: eleven. Okay, So one succeeds. One fails.
Timothy Sackton: So it's twenty-five
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome. And just for flavor. I'll move myself. Over here
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Um: Roth, P. You're up
Phil Grayson: So that was lightning for us out, and um
Timothy Sackton: I come.
Timothy Sackton: Looks again. Looks around and kind of
stack.
Timothy Sackton: Why are you fighting? Just leave. Leave me to my pain and misery.
Timothy Sackton: Rogers.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, there's something that lets me do an extra key for more movement. Right step in the wind. Lets you dash as a bonus action.
Phil Grayson: Okay? So I'm going to do that.
Phil Grayson: So one key down
Phil Grayson: I am going to get all the way on top of Roth this year.
Phil Grayson: We're sorry all the way on top of uh
Phil Grayson: all Graham Hagrim
Phil Grayson: going to drop down from my twenty feet in the sky
Phil Grayson: and and start a punch in this ghost, this one doesn't have a
Phil Grayson: correct on him,
Phil Grayson: I say, uh,
Phil Grayson: I say, is there any of you in there, or is it?
Phil Grayson: Is it all?
Phil Grayson: God, all eaten away, and I just start hunting at him. Okay, first attack is twenty four. That's with that big, raw fist. Second attack
Phil Grayson: a twenty five. That hats with the big. So that's Yep. I got it. Okay, And then i'm going to
Phil Grayson: on the first one. I'm going to try a stunning stray.
Phil Grayson: Okay. So one key down off that he has to do the thirteen Dc.
Phil Grayson: Or sorry. Yeah. Thirteen um clock.
Okay,
Timothy Sackton: It succeeds.
Phil Grayson: I will try on the second as well, so
Timothy Sackton: that one succeeds as well.
Phil Grayson: All right, I uh,
Phil Grayson: I say he might hit me pretty hard, but i'm here,
Phil Grayson: and that's it for me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: zombie limbs her dad.
Timothy Sackton: Um, this
Timothy Sackton: wraith is going to look around.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: look back at at
Timothy Sackton: at Hagrim, who kind of like
Timothy Sackton: um Shakespeare's head and sort of points at
Timothy Sackton: roar. Who
Timothy Sackton: so historic range? Ah, not What's the move?
Timothy Sackton: That was Sixty foot fly easily a range,
Timothy Sackton: and he's going to move
Timothy Sackton: there,
Timothy Sackton: and we'll reach out and strike at roar.
Timothy Sackton: That is a twenty one to head,
Timothy Sackton: and that is
Timothy Sackton: eighteen points of necrotic damage
Timothy Sackton: and make a Constitution saving throne.
Phil Grayson: You're muted. I think
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we really want that to work.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I
Timothy Sackton: Um, yes, you're fine on your You're fine for concentration. Make another constitution saving throw to see whether your headpoint maximum is reduced.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yes,
Timothy Sackton: your endpoint maximum is reduced by eighteen.
Timothy Sackton: Better to do it in that order, though, that lose the concentration.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's true.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, Abram, now is going to look at your office and
Timothy Sackton: um pick up his axe, and he's going to say,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: why do you trouble me so?
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: We'll, swaying his battle axe.
Timothy Sackton: One misses
Timothy Sackton: two hits
Timothy Sackton: three hats.
Timothy Sackton: That's two hands for a total of
Timothy Sackton: nine and eight, and
Timothy Sackton: ah! Nineteen
Timothy Sackton: and five a total of twenty four damage from two battle Axe hits
Phil Grayson: to me. Um to you.
Phil Grayson: I Then he looks at you and he just
Timothy Sackton: why,
Timothy Sackton: I just want to be left in peace.
Timothy Sackton: Go
Timothy Sackton: um! And you have to make a Constitution saving throw
Phil Grayson: and do
Timothy Sackton: ah, one more.
Timothy Sackton: There, you twice.
Phil Grayson: Yeah. Oh, sorry. No. He just gets the one. Never mind
Phil Grayson: That's fine
Phil Grayson: one for your past.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, thanks.
Timothy Sackton: That ends his term Res: when you're up
Riswyn: all right, I move um
Riswyn: to
Riswyn: attack this one
Riswyn: with my um shatterstorm.
Riswyn: What is the one that I can do the
Riswyn: spell damage afterward? If I hit.
Riswyn: Oh, that's not the right thing to hit first.
Riswyn: Sorry i'm doing things with them all the wrong orders.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: I don't know
Timothy Sackton: you mean the
Timothy Sackton: there you have searing. Smite
Riswyn: right?
Riswyn: That different from divine strike
Riswyn: Does it happen instead of defined strike? Or in addition to the vine strike always happens?
Riswyn: So what are you doing?
Riswyn: I'm also doing a searing smite because I hit that right?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay.
Timothy Sackton: So your war hammer catches on fire. You um,
Timothy Sackton: hey? That
Timothy Sackton: uh, it needs to make a constitution saving. Throw
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: the the flames kind of flicker weakly around it, and do not catch.
Timothy Sackton: So that's
Timothy Sackton: your bonus action and your action,
Riswyn: so I can't move
Riswyn: what
Timothy Sackton: you still have your haste.
Riswyn: Can I move the spiritual weapon with my haste?
Riswyn: No, it's an enormous action you already used your bonus action to cast searing smite.
Riswyn: All right,
Riswyn: Then I will just
Riswyn: normal action attack with
Riswyn: the hammer.
Riswyn: Yeah, yeah,
Riswyn: you can do that
Timothy Sackton: that It's
Riswyn: that ends
Timothy Sackton: Marshall.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay, I'm going to
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): run, and then also dash over to
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): the purple one
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): and hit it with my mall. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that it's.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): And then uh
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): that, it's not a
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): okay
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): okay flash that
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): amazing
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Um, That was
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): movement and haste
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): and a hit, and then so I can. I'll throw our hand axe at Well, can I see how gr through twenty-foot
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): you would have? Not really
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I mean he's not probably half cover behind.
Phil Grayson: Good. Yeah, it's a bit. You might have a bit more movement, too, from your a still.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, because remember, he's doubled your movement. So you've got a ton of movement.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I I should have.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Yeah, Okay. So then I could probably go.
You.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, like I'm: not. Yeah. So you have a hundred people.
Phil Grayson: Oh, Oh,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): wait. Sorry, Maybe I don't understand how
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Dash works. Then Dash just gives you your whole movement again.
Timothy Sackton: So you have haste, doubles your movement,
Timothy Sackton: so you have fifty, your speed becomes fifty.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh, wow, okay. So he says,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay, Sorry. I
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): did not understand how case impacts. My,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay. So I still have, like a decent amount left, please?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Phil Grayson: you can definitely get to him.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): So I could. I could get to Pilgrim.
Phil Grayson: Yes, you can definitely get that right,
and Then I will attack him with my mom.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that hats twenty, four,
Timothy Sackton: And then I think that's that's all for me. That ends your turn. Yeah, Throw our you up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Uh I am going to um
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): trucking Grasp the guy i'm next to, but quick and spell is a bonus action, so then I can move and dash for my regular.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh. So here's a spell attack
Timothy Sackton: That it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh here Several damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): six hundred and sixty.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Rock this you're up
Phil Grayson: right.
Phil Grayson: Keep punching a ghost.
Phil Grayson: I that's cool.
Phil Grayson: So.
Phil Grayson: Oh, there's a not twenty
Phil Grayson: that's that's beautiful, all right. And then that's going to be plus four, just a straightforward
Yeah,
Phil Grayson: I'll just. I'll roll the big rough this twice. Then for that one.
Phil Grayson: So five more on that that's first attack.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Phil Grayson: In between, I say.
Phil Grayson: Why, why, why the blast or a hell similar regards, and I punch him again with the other hand,
Phil Grayson: and that's only a fifteen that hits
Phil Grayson: big first. Now that misses fifteen misses. So fifteen misses. Okay,
Um,
Phil Grayson: I will
Phil Grayson: try the flurry of blows again. So that's another key gone.
Phil Grayson: I got two bonus action unarmed.
Phil Grayson: Twenty eight. Okay. You want me to roll the big fist or just take that two from before
Timothy Sackton: I'll just take it, too.
Phil Grayson: Okay, and
Phil Grayson: will try to stun him again.
Phil Grayson: So two key on that one.
Phil Grayson: It's It's thirteen calls that I have a pretty good con.
Phil Grayson: I figured he probably did,
Timothy Sackton: and he's a fighter. So he does have a few uses of indomitable,
Timothy Sackton: so that does not work.
Phil Grayson: It doesn't work. But it did that last time. I'm trying to stun him one final big punch. Now I've done more.
Phil Grayson: That's a mess all right. I've used flurry of blows so I can disengage and move up to fifty for free. I'm gonna disengage and fly up to the ceiling.
Phil Grayson: Okay, that's the end of my term.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Nice. It's for you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. He is going to look around
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: turns to
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: to Marish
Timothy Sackton: takes a swing with his battle axe at you
Timothy Sackton: that's a natural one swings again.
Timothy Sackton: That is a twenty-seven.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Yeah, that hits wings a third time. That's a fifteen.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Yeah, that misses right.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Yeah. So that's a total of
Timothy Sackton: fourteen, plus
Timothy Sackton: good damage. Also two thousand and fourteen, plus thirteen, twenty, seven points of
Timothy Sackton: damage,
Riswyn: and make a constitution saving so?
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Oh, no, no, no! Can I use a left blank on that.
Phil Grayson: Yeah,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): i'll take a left point and re-roll that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, nothing happens to you.
Timothy Sackton: Um. And then he has got me to
Timothy Sackton: Why, one two three
Timothy Sackton: for
Timothy Sackton: sixty foot move five, six,
Timothy Sackton: seven,
Timothy Sackton: eight, nine,
Timothy Sackton: ten.
Timothy Sackton: So you do get a attack of opportunity against him.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, you're a
Phil Grayson: you! You do marish. One, two, I do. Okay,
Phil Grayson: He's not in my reach.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay, Sorry. Um.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): And can these have an opportunity? Be anything,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): any of my weapons
Timothy Sackton: whatever is in your hand?
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Okay. So, my Mall,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): that's not good that that misses.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Then he'll sort of look out. Look out at everybody,
Timothy Sackton: just looking at you all. Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Actually. Well, he's moving when he is about.
Timothy Sackton: He'll wait. He'll do it. I'll do it from here.
Timothy Sackton: He's going to look, and he's just going to be. He's just going to look at you all angrily. Why do you persist in this pointless
Timothy Sackton: action?
Timothy Sackton: Um! And then he grows kind of darker
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: and grimmer, and anybody who can see him, which I think all of you make a
Timothy Sackton: wisdom saving. Throw
the
Phil Grayson: I think I will take my inspiration on this one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Riswyn: Oh, that's smart.
Phil Grayson: We have them together for inspiration, right? It's a fifteen.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, roll A. D. Four.
Phil Grayson: Okay, no
Phil Grayson: at all.
Um.
Timothy Sackton: Robert and Redwin are frightened. The
ah, okay,
Timothy Sackton: And so you cannot approach. Um.
Timothy Sackton: You begin. You feel yourself growing older.
Timothy Sackton: You are aged by twenty years
Timothy Sackton: by this dreadful aspect that he has taken on
Phil Grayson: those cursed iron corns,
Phil Grayson: and that's going to end his turn at all.
Timothy Sackton: Brisbane, you're up
Riswyn: all right now. Wait. I totally skipped this rape Here
Timothy Sackton: it gets to do something.
Riswyn: Oh, darn
Timothy Sackton: uh, it will attack Resident.
Riswyn: Uh-huh.
Timothy Sackton: That's a fifteen That misses. You.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Now it's your turn
Riswyn: all right.
Riswyn: I attack it
Timothy Sackton: that it's
Timothy Sackton: that destroys this rape as you hit it with your hammer in it
Timothy Sackton: vanishes in a puff of energy.
Riswyn: Now, just because i'm frightened. Is my spiritual weapon frightened, or can I move it closer to it?
Timothy Sackton: You can make your spirits open. Actually. Sorry you've got to roll with disadvantage, so we'll probably still kill it. But we'll one more sadder storm Attack
Riswyn: the actual attack.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, because you're frightened. So you have to attack with disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you still have.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can move your spiritual weapon,
Riswyn: and it can attack
Timothy Sackton: Nice. But with disadvantage,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, all right.
It's so much fun,
Timothy Sackton: and you still have your action because you're hastened so you can still count the spell.
Timothy Sackton: Sixteen misses
Riswyn: all right,
Riswyn: but I can just cast a totally different spell from where I am, because I can't approach it, but I could do it just spell.
Riswyn: So
Riswyn: how about
Riswyn: guiding bolt
Timothy Sackton: with disadvantage
Timothy Sackton: progresses?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Make a wisdom save to see if you can shake the fear. Max, you're up.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: um, yes, that you are now no longer afraid.
Timothy Sackton: I'm going to come up beside him and just try to wail on him with my mom.
Timothy Sackton: So that's so. You can have the dash to to get there.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that misses
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): it does mess.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): Um: Okay. So i'm going to take my
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): second attack, using my inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that hits
Timothy Sackton: okay. I think that's all I can do now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you're up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm going to move.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): lightning bolt the sky again.
Timothy Sackton: Ooh! That's a good damage. All
Timothy Sackton: okay. The lighting boat
Timothy Sackton: strikes off of him.
Timothy Sackton: Ah flares against the wall, and he sort of staggers back slightly.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, falling,
Timothy Sackton: beginning to fade, crouched down against the wall, sort of slightly
Timothy Sackton: losing coherence as he
Timothy Sackton: bowers down um
Timothy Sackton: rock this
Timothy Sackton: you're up. You're still frightened.
Phil Grayson: It's now kind of like kneeling with one me like seemingly not
Timothy Sackton: entirely together,
Phil Grayson: so I can't move closer on, frightened unless I do an action to
Phil Grayson: uh to reverse that right?
Phil Grayson: So i'll do the action. Say, you don't scare me. You can't even stand up,
Phil Grayson: and i'm i'm up whatever it's. Ceiling, height, fifty feet in the air. I will
Phil Grayson: take my full movement. I will use my key to allow me to get there with that that sprinting dash
Phil Grayson: and um,
Phil Grayson: i'll just let my boots drop me fifty feet, and I weigh about four hundred and fifty pounds.
Phil Grayson: I don't know if it'll help. But these are magic books, and I've got magic fists, not an attack. But yeah,
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Riswyn: first all damage is not magical.
Timothy Sackton: It is a
Timothy Sackton: But you do not come prone,
Phil Grayson: all right.
Timothy Sackton: And what's that? Fifty feet?
Phil Grayson: Yeah
Timothy Sackton: uh you don't You don't take any damage.
All right.
Phil Grayson: That's it for me,
Phil Grayson: our guy. So you're just sitting on a prone man and ghost.
Timothy Sackton: He he like
Timothy Sackton: tries to like um.
Riswyn: I guess he's actually technically immune to prone, but
Timothy Sackton: didn't notice that before he like begins to sort of pull himself up,
Timothy Sackton: looks looks around at you all.
Timothy Sackton: Yes,
Timothy Sackton: this is not over. This will never be over.
Timothy Sackton: Takes a swing at office. That's a sixteen,
Timothy Sackton: turns and and looks at Marish
Timothy Sackton: like staggering slightly as he swings at you. Fifteen that Misses I presume,
Timothy Sackton: looks around, takes another swing at raw fest.
Phil Grayson: That is a twenty-five.
Timothy Sackton: I have that is
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: sixteen points of damage and make a Constitution saving throw.
Okay,
Timothy Sackton: nothing happens. Um
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): swings like sort of just catching you, almost not realizing he's hitting you like staggers up again like points to the axe, and all of you.
Timothy Sackton: I will return.
Timothy Sackton: You cannot kill me,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and begins to like, fade down to the into the floor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kind of tell us them.
Riswyn: Yeah, I was going to say i'm not close enough to jealous him.
Timothy Sackton: It's your turn.
Riswyn: Oh, it is my turn.
Riswyn: Yeah, I dash over with the chalice of holy water,
Riswyn: and our guy blushed it at the direction of his head, face, mouth.
Riswyn: Okay, you know.
Timothy Sackton: So
Riswyn: how do you drink the bells of home?
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: As you
Timothy Sackton: splash him as you like, take out, run forward and sort of take out this child and begin to part on it on him.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: uh for a moment. Um,
Timothy Sackton: uh you! You hear
Timothy Sackton: um the sound of
Where is the one that
Timothy Sackton: the sound of hammers ringing in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: you here you just sort of hear
Timothy Sackton: Faintly, as the water begins to pour on to the ground of this place. It almost seems like it pours through the ground
Timothy Sackton: um through him to the ground,
Timothy Sackton: and you you feel a
Timothy Sackton: a faint sort of question, or image or voice in the back of your mind.
Timothy Sackton: You choose punishment.
Timothy Sackton: Question.
Riswyn: No.
Riswyn: Do I need to elaborate?
Riswyn: What was the other option,
Riswyn: punishment, or
Riswyn: redemption?
Timothy Sackton: Well, what do you say?
Riswyn: I say?
Riswyn: Witnesses
Riswyn: both those he killed, and not say he was not himself. There is evidence that he was compelled,
Riswyn: believes that
Riswyn: he yearns for his home, and could be redeemed
Timothy Sackton: as the water
Timothy Sackton: water pours out
Timothy Sackton: um, it begins to pour like as the water is pouring out of this cell, as you now see the like where the um the water was pouring like the hole begins, the floor begins to crumble away,
Timothy Sackton: and you smell
Timothy Sackton: briefly the smell of
Timothy Sackton: rain on fresh grass,
Timothy Sackton: and as the chalice begins to pour more and more and more out. It's almost like a flood pouring out of this goblet,
Timothy Sackton: the waters spread,
Timothy Sackton: and you find yourself standing
Timothy Sackton: in a grassy field, the land you are in crumbling around you.
Timothy Sackton: Um! And you you look around
Timothy Sackton: this massive statue of a stone-born warrior standing over the grass which stretches in all directions.
Timothy Sackton: I'm. Standing in this like as this pool of water is growing around your feet begins to pour down towards a river, and you can see now cliffs
Timothy Sackton: coming into view across the river, mists clearing red stone cliffs.
Timothy Sackton: Then you see,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the river itself, like the water flowing down into the river itself, and you recognize this. Rizmann recognizes this.
Timothy Sackton: This is Dun Mar. This is the land just north of Tokra.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: and you look around,
Timothy Sackton: and he just seemed to be standing
Timothy Sackton: here.
Riswyn: Oh, no! Where's talk?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where's everybody
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): here?
Timothy Sackton: Well, do you want to look around?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, yes, there's Cock, I mean, we look around.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, with our perception roles. It seems like you see, a tree.
Riswyn: Yeah, make a perception role.
Timothy Sackton: It's not bad. Actually.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: you look around, and you sort of start walking towards the river,
Timothy Sackton: and you see,
Timothy Sackton: just like emerging
Timothy Sackton: like walking oh, confused, along the other side of the river like a group of about
Timothy Sackton: two hundred and fifty, three hundred dwarfs,
Timothy Sackton: sort of standing like looking up and blinking their eyes in the sun,
Timothy Sackton: just looking around,
Timothy Sackton: sort of staring,
Timothy Sackton: uncertain as to where they are, what they should do next.
Riswyn: Here we go up.
Riswyn: How far away are they,
Timothy Sackton: you know, Half a mile something like that.
Riswyn: All right. Well, let's start.
Riswyn: I'm going to start walking towards them as fast as possible to
Riswyn: explain and reassure.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as you as you
Timothy Sackton: approach them. But the river is, You have to swim across the river. This is the river is in flood now with the rains. You see you explain to them. You begin to talk to them and tell them what's happened.
Timothy Sackton: Confused, but many, several of them recognize you
Timothy Sackton: and just kind of look to rid with him like,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, what? What should we do now?
Riswyn: You see all humans?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
no,
Timothy Sackton: I mean you might. They'd be up on the cliff and set back away. You wouldn't be able to see them from down below here
Timothy Sackton: if they were.
Riswyn: Do you want to go chase after them?
Timothy Sackton: Go, kill some Tedarians just for fun.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The
Riswyn: you can quite distract from the mission of mercy parts
herring off after them.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: as you all sort of gather to explain what's happened,
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: is that all? The
Timothy Sackton: The refugees now returned one hundred and fifty years later to where they
Timothy Sackton: were some time ago to a land changed.
Timothy Sackton: It's up to each of you what you decide to do. Return to your lives.
Timothy Sackton: Travel with these people.
Timothy Sackton: If you wish to return to your lives, you have the choice
Timothy Sackton: teleport back to where you were before,
Timothy Sackton: I guess, except res when
Timothy Sackton: it's when you're stocked for these people.
Riswyn: I got that.
Riswyn: It's okay. I know the way from uh to a
Phil Grayson: ruthless shrinks down to normal size and
Phil Grayson: looks around to you. You see that you see that he has aged. I don't know that one
Phil Grayson: see that he's age twenty years,
Phil Grayson: and he shakes his head, and he says
Phil Grayson: so. First the iron horns took ten good years of me in that marriage, and then that most took twenty good years to me, and one fell kick.
Phil Grayson: I have got to go back to the pub.
Phil Grayson: He will say, if you're ever in Shardon.
Phil Grayson: Stone fist signs and stables always has an open room for yet,
Phil Grayson: and let them know as well.
Phil Grayson: But I think if it's like a little
Phil Grayson: chest, tap, or whatever that from that,
Phil Grayson: if you know, after a quick goodbye he's just going to blink a blink out.
Timothy Sackton: Have a marsh.
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): I think marriage is,
Phil Grayson: has a warm feeling of seeing all of these travelers,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): but after her own
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): terrible experiences in her travels
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): he is
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): thank where she had the opportunity to pay her debt to the gods, but is happy to return back to her forge, and continue her life in the quiet,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): slightly unremarkable way that she was,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): and she
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): puts a hand on the health of her short sword and blinks out,
Merash Emberfoot (Sara): leaving the travelers to wherever they wander.
Timothy Sackton: I by drawer
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the first thing in exile for a long, long time, and is glad to get home now, but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, with only the clothes on his back,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): are probably
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): go with the exiles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just sort of make sure they get back to where they're going, and that'll be his first entry back into society again.
Timothy Sackton: So as you all
Timothy Sackton: depart to your
Timothy Sackton: Laura and Rizwin, helping these people
Timothy Sackton: return home.
Timothy Sackton: A hundred and fifty years delayed marriage and
Timothy Sackton: and Roth that's returning to their
Timothy Sackton: that establishments of various kinds, forge and tavern.
Timothy Sackton: That is where we will end this adventure.
Timothy Sackton: Thanks for playing everybody.